---
layout:     post
title:      They Say BIG, We Say SCIENCE
subtitle:   转载自：https://datascopeanalytics.com/blog/they-say-big-we-say-science/
date:       2014-11-07
author:     Datascope Partners
header-img: img/background2.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - data
    - businesses
    - science
    - tools
    - informative
---

This post is a part of a series from the partners at Datascope, titled **Business Strategy in Focus: Bring Me My Monocle**

Would it surprise you to learn that Big Data is not a catch-all term for
all the extensive and exciting work happening in the world of data today?
It’s hard not to think of it as a catch-all when it’s used so
ubiquitously. The fact is, Big Data only represents one part of the data
picture that businesses need to understand in order to derive competitive
advantage and identify new opportunities from their data sources and
assets.

You may think us biased—data scientists that we are—but we
think it’s critical for today’s business leaders to understand
what Data Science is and how it differs from Big Data. The two designations
may share the word ‘data,’ but they signify two very different
approaches to that term.

### When it comes to data, *big* does not mean *better*

Making Big Data investments has become the ‘thing to do’ for
businesses today. Companies throw money at tools and projects that may, at
best, offer a slim chance of creating measurable value. The reality today is
that 55% of Big Data projects [don't reach completion](http://blog.infochimps.com/2013/01/24/cios-big-data).

Despite these high failure rates, Big Data spending continues to
rise.
Wikibon [forecasts](http://wikibon.org/wiki/v/Big_Data_Vendor_Revenue_and_Market_Forecast_2013-2017#Big_Data_Definitions) that
Big Data market growth will reach $28.5 billion this year and grow to
$50.1 billion in
2015. 
Some predictions go as high as $114 billion by the end of
2018, with an average annual growth rate of 29%.

That’s a sizeable chunk of change and a large portion of it goes to
Big Data tools that simply store and retrieve data. The result is having
massive amounts of incoherent information that can’t be put to use.

Data science, on the other hand, focuses on the meaning and value of the
data versus its size. The job of a data scientist is to identify the value and
meaning of data before it is collected. If  we understand the
importance of the information we want and how we want to use it, it’s
easier to collect the right information and eliminate the most destructive
element of big data—its unmanageable, unstoppable size.

### Data science drives concrete problem solving. Big data tends toward
mass-market solutions

Most Big Data solutions and tools today are mass marketed to businesses
across all industries and in varying sizes. It’s a “one tool fits
all” approach, which clashes with the principles and practices of good
data science. Consider how rapidly businesses are integrating social media
monitoring and sentiment analysis tools. These solutions provide terabytes of
data on social media activity and marketplace sentiments, but they cannot tell
each unique business what specific information they need to understand and act
on. Generic Big Data technologies do not take into account the many filters
and nuances unique to each organization and its business needs.

Where Big Data is a tool for collecting random data for analysis after the
fact, data science considers the distinctive values, traits and desires of an
organization to establish data driven solutions that address its specific and
concrete business problems. A good data science team is able to create tools
and visualizations where none currently exist. Such a team will engage clients
in open collaboration to make sure everyone truly understands the underlying
business problem. Combined with analytical expertise, it is this kind of deep,
collaborative team effort that results in innovations that use data in truly
meaningful ways.

### Data science is not just interesting; it’s actionable

If you are wondering what Big Data can do for you,[ ](http://blogs.wsj.com/digits/2014/08/25/hilary-mason-on-big-data-what-its-good-for-is-still-an-open-question)you
are not alone. Gartner’s Big Data research report “Information 2020:
Beyond Big Data,” reveals the struggle to make Big Data informative
and useful a challenge that leading businesses share. According to the
research, “85% of Fortune 500 organizations will be unable to exploit
Big Data for competitive advantage through 2015.”

The fact is, you can’t transform Big Data into actionable
intelligence that you can use to make better business decisions. Aiming for
Big Data alone will simply leave you disappointed.

Data science, on the other hand, is measured by its ability to effect
substantial change. It goes beyond what’s interesting and identifies
opportunities for businesses to measurably improve, as opposed to just seeming
“smarter.”

### Data science enables a different kind of “BIG” approach

When you think of Big Data, thinking big is the right strategy. In data
science however, remember to take size out of the equation. Focus on the
science of getting to meaningful, specific and actionable data, but
don’t let that limit your ideas. You can still think big when you think
of data science—big in terms of business opportunities, big change and
big improvements for your organization.

#### Like this article?

## like this post? we think you might also enjoy these:
