---
layout:     post
title:      Sparse Graphs in Python： Playing with Word Ladders
subtitle:   转载自：http://jakevdp.github.io/blog/2012/10/14/scipy-sparse-graph-module-word-ladders/
date:       2012-10-15
author:     Jake VanderPlas
header-img: img/background0.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - graphs
    - algorithms
    - sparse graph
    - learning algorithm
    - scipy includes
---

The recent [0.11 release](http://sourceforge.net/projects/scipy/files) of scipy includes several new features,
one of which is the [sparse graph submodule](http://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/reference/sparse.csgraph.html)
which I contributed, with help from other developers. I'm pretty excited about this: there are some
classic algorithms implemented, and it will open up whole new realms of computational possibilities in Python.

Before we start, I should say: this post is based on a [lightning talk](http://pyvideo.org/video/1346/lightning-talks-wednesday) I gave
at Scipy 2012, and some of the material below comes from a [tutorial](http://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/reference/tutorial/csgraph.html)
I wrote for the scipy documentation.

First: what exactly is a sparse graph? Well, a graph is just a collection of nodes, which have links between them.
[NetworkX](http://networkx.lanl.gov/) has some good examples and diagrams. Graphs can represent nearly anything:
social network connections, where each node is a person and is connected to acquaintences;
images, where each node is a pixel and is connected to neighboring pixels; points in a high-dimensional
distribution, where each node is connected to its nearest neighbors; and practically anything else you can
imagine.

One very efficient way to represent graph data is in a sparse matrix: let's call it `G`. The matrix `G` is of size `N x N`,
and `G[i, j]` gives the value of the connection between node `i` and node `j`. A sparse graph contains
mostly zeros: that is, most nodes have only a few connections. This property turns out to be true in most cases of
interest.

The creation of the sparse graph submodule was motivated by several algorithms used in scikit-learn, including:

- Isomap: a manifold learning algorithm which requires finding the shortest paths in a graph

- Hierarchical clustering: a clustering algorithm based on a minimum spanning tree

- Spectral Decomposition: a projection algorithm based on sparse graph laplacians


And many more.
