---
layout:     post
title:      Data Links #154
subtitle:   转载自：https://rinzewind.org/blog-en/2018/data-links-154.html
date:       2018-05-20
author:     José María Mateos
header-img: img/background3.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - mapping
    - location
    - gps
    - stocks
    - data
---

I work in location / mapping / geo. Some of us have been waiting for this 
to blow (which it hasn't yet). The public has zero idea how much personal 
location data is available.

It's not just your cell carrier. Your cell phone chip manufacturer, GPS 
chip 
manufacturer, phone manufacturer and then pretty much anyone on the 
installed OS (android crapware) is getting a copy of your location data. 
Usually not in software but by contract, one gives gps data to all the 
others as part of the bill of materials.

This is then usually (but not always) "anonymized" by cutting it in to ~5 
second chunks. It's easy to put it back together again. We can figure out 
everything about your day from when you wake up to where you go to when you 
sleep.

This data is sold to whoever wants it. Hedge funds or services who analyze 
it for hedge funds is the big one. It's normal to track hundreds of millions 
of people a day and trade stocks based on where they go. This isn't fantasy, 
it's what happens every day.

Almost every web/smartphone mapping company is doing it, so is almost 
everyone that tracks you for some service - "turn the lights on when I get 
home". The web mapping companies and those that provide SDKs for "free". 
It's a monetization model for apps which don't need location. That's why 
Apple is trying hard to restrict it without scaring off consumers. 
