---
layout:     post
title:      How to send local files to Chromecast with Python
subtitle:   转载自：https://rinzewind.org/blog-en/2018/how-to-send-local-files-to-chromecast-with-python.html
date:       2018-05-01
author:     José María Mateos
header-img: img/background0.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - python
    - object
    - typically involves
    - tv
    - http server
---

I have some files lying around in my computer with movies I want to watch. The 
process typically involves copying the file over to a pendrive, plug that into 
the TV and use the TV media player. This works very well, but I am lazy. It also 
happens that I have a [Chromecast](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chromecast) on 
my dumb TV. It would be very convenient for me to figure out a way of sending 
directly files from my computer to the Chromecast. It turns out it's not 
difficult at all.

## 1. Install PyChromecast

[PyChromecast](https://github.com/balloob/pychromecast) is a wonderful Python 
library (3.4+) that allows you to send videos to your Chromecast at home. It 
handles everything, from device detection, to buffering, to play / pause / 
several controls.

I have an old-ish Ubuntu 14.04, but this did the trick:

## 2. Start a local HTTP server

Just go to the folder where you have the videos and start a `SimpleHTTPServer` 
Python module.

Leave that running on the background. We're almost there.

## 3. Send the video to your Chromecast

This might be different for you, as I only have one Chromecast at home, so my 
device will always be the first from the list of detected devices, but this is 
my test script:

At first I was trying to send the file directly, but that didn't work. The 
example provided in the documentation took the file from a web server, so I 
thought that perhaps Chromecast can't receive a file but can receive an URL with 
the contents of the video. That `192.168.0.103` up there is the internal IP of 
my computer.

And we're good to go. Please note that this script will return as soon as the 
movie is playing, so you won't have access to that `mc` object anymore. If would 
be better to run it inside a Python terminal, so you can always go back and 
pause or stop the stream if needed.
