---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Data Links #152
subtitle:      转载自：https://rinzewind.org/blog-en/2018/data-links-152.html
date:      2018-05-06
img:      2
author:      José María Mateos
tags:
    - dank corner
    - potter
    - pornographic
    - figures look
    - motherboard site
---

In a dank corner of the internet, it is possible to find actresses from 
Game of Thrones or Harry Potter engaged in all manner of sex acts. Or at 
least to the world the carnal figures look like those actresses, and the 
faces in the videos are indeed their own. Everything south of the neck, 
however, belongs to different women. An artificial intelligence has almost 
seamlessly stitched the familiar visages into pornographic scenes, one face 
swapped for another. The genre is one of the cruelest, most invasive forms 
of identity theft invented in the internet era. At the core of the cruelty 
is the acuity of the technology: A casual observer can’t easily detect the 
hoax.

This development, which has been the subject of much hand-wringing in the 
tech press, is the work of a programmer who goes by the nom de hack 
“deepfakes.” And it is merely a beta version of a much more ambitious 
project. One of deepfakes’s compatriots told Vice’s Motherboard site in 
January that he intends to democratize this work. He wants to refine the 
process, further automating it, which would allow anyone to transpose the 
disembodied head of a crush or an ex or a co-worker into an extant 
pornographic clip with just a few simple steps. No technical knowledge would 
be required. And because academic and commercial labs are developing even 
more-sophisticated tools for non-pornographic purposes—algorithms that map 
facial expressions and mimic voices with precision—the sordid fakes will 
soon acquire even greater verisimilitude.
