---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Introductory course on Bayesian data analysis for beginners with Rasmus Bååth
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/Qno6YpLJdjs/
date:      2019-05-21
author:      Robert
tags:
    - bayescamp
    - november
    - statastan
    - choice
    - chatting
---





On 25 November 2019, BayesCamp will be hosting a one-day course called *Get up and running with Bayesian data analysis*, in central London. I am delighted that this will be taught by Rasmus Bååth from Lund University and King Entertainment. That makes him the statistician behind Candy Crush. His YouTube videos introducing Bayes are very popular, and I’ve been recommending them to people for ages.

In the morning, he’ll introduce you to Bayesian analysis, remove the mystery and show you how it can be helpful to you in *many* ways. Then, in the afternoon, he’ll get you started writing some models of your own using Stan. You can interface with Stan in many ways, and in this course, Rasmus will use RStan and PyStan, though you can follow along in the interface of your choice (StataStan anybody?) because the Stan code is common to all, and that’s the focus.

For the month of May, we are offering **Early Bird** 20% discounts! Student/unwaged tickets are £100 and the rest of you bloated plutocrats are £215. That’s a whole day of small-batch, artisanal Bayesian training you get for half the price of a lot of other events out there! There will be between 10 and 40 attendees (we have yet to choose the venue and room size) so there’s ample opportunity to discuss how you can use Bayes and Stan in your own work. To reserve your seat and buy an Early Bird ticket, you have to email me at **[email protected]** Then, I’ll send you either an invoice for bank transfer or a link for credit card payment, so it would be helpful if you could let me know in your message which of these you would prefer. If you have any questions, email me too! I like chatting.


*Related*








---
