---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Make R Great Again
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/g3mtgKvsEKA/
date:      2019-05-17
author:      R on Gianluca Baio
tags:
    - models
    - abstracts
    - topics
    - protected
    - college
---





Our editorial on using R in HTA (I talked about it here) has finally been published in *Value in Health*.

This is nice in the (rather long, I know…) build up to our workshop. And speaking of, we’ve already received quite a few abstracts for contributed talks — this below is the “official” advert we’ve circulated.

> 
This is a reminder that the deadline for abstract submission to the Workshop on R for trial and model-based cost-effectiveness analysis (CEA) is 15th May. The workshop will take place at University College London on 9th July. This is a great opportunity to present any interesting work or challenges you’ve faced in using R for CEA. We are open to wide range of topics, including experiences beginning to use R for CEA, implementations of Markov models, tricks to speed up model evaluations, ways to improve transparency, or even reasons you’re never using R again! If you’re unsure, please feel free to drop me an email about a potential topic.
Abstracts can be structured or unstructured and up to about 300 words, but there are no strict requirements.
Please submit abstracts to [email protected]. Registration for the workshop is still open and details are at the following link: http://www.statistica.it/gianluca/teaching/r-hta-workshop/2019/


In fact, as of today (17 May), there are still about 20 places available — and yesterday we had a nice surge of 5 registrations in the space of half an hour. So hurry!


*Related*








---
