---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Whats new on arXiv
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/05/27/whats-new-on-arxiv-992/
date:      2019-05-27
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - models
    - modeling
    - modelling
    - learning
    - learns
---

**Maximum Entropy-Regularized Multi-Goal Reinforcement Learning**

In Multi-Goal Reinforcement Learning, an agent learns to achieve multiple goals with a goal-conditioned policy. During learning, the agent first collects the trajectories into a replay buffer, and later these trajectories are selected randomly for replay. However, the achieved goals in the replay buffer are often biased towards the behavior policies. From a Bayesian perspective, when there is no prior knowledge about the target goal distribution, the agent should learn uniformly from diverse achieved goals. Therefore, we first propose a novel multi-goal RL objective based on weighted entropy. This objective encourages the agent to maximize the expected return, as well as to achieve more diverse goals. Secondly, we developed a maximum entropy-based prioritization framework to optimize the proposed objective. For evaluation of this framework, we combine it with Deep Deterministic Policy Gradient, both with or without Hindsight Experience Replay. On a set of multi-goal robotic tasks of OpenAI Gym, we compare our method with other baselines and show promising improvements in both performance and sample-efficiency.

**EventKG – the Hub of Event Knowledge on the Web – and Biographical Timeline Generation**

One of the key requirements to facilitate the semantic analytics of information regarding contemporary and historical events on the Web, in the news and in social media is the availability of reference knowledge repositories containing comprehensive representations of events, entities and temporal relations. Existing knowledge graphs, with popular examples including DBpedia, YAGO and Wikidata, focus mostly on entity-centric information and are insufficient in terms of their coverage and completeness with respect to events and temporal relations. In this article we address this limitation, formalise the concept of a temporal knowledge graph and present its instantiation – EventKG. EventKG is a multilingual event-centric temporal knowledge graph that incorporates over 690 thousand events and over 2.3 million temporal relations obtained from several large-scale knowledge graphs and semi-structured sources and makes them available through a canonical RDF representation. Whereas popular entities often possess hundreds of relations within a temporal knowledge graph such as EventKG, generating a concise overview of the most important temporal relations for a given entity is a challenging task. In this article we demonstrate an application of EventKG to biographical timeline generation, where we adopt a distant supervision method to identify relations most relevant for an entity biography. Our evaluation results provide insights on the characteristics of EventKG and demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed biographical timeline generation method.

**Data Cooperatives: Towards a Foundation for Decentralized Personal Data Management**

Data cooperatives with fiduciary obligations to members provide a promising direction for the empowerment of individuals through their own personal data. A data cooperative can manage, curate and protect access to the personal data of citizen members. Furthermore, the data cooperative can run internal analytics in order to obtain insights regarding the well-being of its members. Armed with these insights, the data cooperative would be in a good position to negotiate better services and discounts for its members. Credit Unions and similar institutions can provide a suitable realization of data cooperatives.

**Semi-Supervised Learning with Scarce Annotations**

While semi-supervised learning (SSL) algorithms provide an efficient way to make use of both labelled and unlabelled data, they generally struggle when the number of annotated samples is very small. In this work, we consider the problem of SSL multi-class classification with very few labelled instances. We introduce two key ideas. The first is a simple but effective one: we leverage the power of transfer learning among different tasks and self-supervision to initialize a good representation of the data without making use of any label. The second idea is a new algorithm for SSL that can exploit well such a pre-trained representation. The algorithm works by alternating two phases, one fitting the labelled points and one fitting the unlabelled ones, with carefully-controlled information flow between them. The benefits are greatly reducing overfitting of the labelled data and avoiding issue with balancing labelled and unlabelled losses during training. We show empirically that this method can successfully train competitive models with as few as 10 labelled data points per class. More in general, we show that the idea of bootstrapping features using self-supervised learning always improves SSL on standard benchmarks. We show that our algorithm works increasingly well compared to other methods when refining from other tasks or datasets.

**Recurring Concept Meta-learning for Evolving Data Streams**

When concept drift is detected during classification in a data stream, a common remedy is to retrain a framework’s classifier. However, this loses useful information if the classifier has learnt the current concept well, and this concept will recur again in the future. Some frameworks retain and reuse classifiers, but it can be time-consuming to select an appropriate classifier to reuse. These frameworks rarely match the accuracy of state-of-the-art ensemble approaches. For many data stream tasks, speed is important: fast, accurate frameworks are needed for time-dependent applications. We propose the Enhanced Concept Profiling Framework (ECPF), which aims to recognise recurring concepts and reuse a classifier trained previously, enabling accurate classification immediately following a drift. The novelty of ECPF is in how it uses similarity of classifications on new data, between a new classifier and existing classifiers, to quickly identify the best classifier to reuse. It always trains both a new classifier and a reused classifier, and retains the more accurate classifier when concept drift occurs. Finally, it creates a copy of reused classifiers, so a classifier well-suited for a recurring concept will not be impacted by being trained on a different concept. In our experiments, ECPF classifies significantly more accurately than a state-of-the-art classifier reuse framework (Diversity Pool) and a state-of-the-art ensemble technique (Adaptive Random Forest) on synthetic datasets with recurring concepts. It classifies real-world datasets five times faster than Diversity Pool, and six times faster than Adaptive Random Forest and is not significantly less accurate than either.

**Time-Smoothed Gradients for Online Forecasting**

Here, we study different update rules in stochastic gradient descent (SGD) for online forecasting problems. The selection of the learning rate parameter is critical in SGD. However, it may not be feasible to tune this parameter in online learning. Therefore, it is necessary to have an update rule that is not sensitive to the selection of the learning parameter. Inspired by the local regret metric that we introduced previously, we propose to use time-smoothed gradients within SGD update. Using the public data set– GEFCom2014, we validate that our approach yields more stable results than the other existing approaches. Furthermore, we show that such a simple approach is computationally efficient compared to the alternatives.

**Estimating Node Importance in Knowledge Graphs Using Graph Neural Networks**

How can we estimate the importance of nodes in a knowledge graph (KG)? A KG is a multi-relational graph that has proven valuable for many tasks including question answering and semantic search. In this paper, we present GENI, a method for tackling the problem of estimating node importance in KGs, which enables several downstream applications such as item recommendation and resource allocation. While a number of approaches have been developed to address this problem for general graphs, they do not fully utilize information available in KGs, or lack flexibility needed to model complex relationship between entities and their importance. To address these limitations, we explore supervised machine learning algorithms. In particular, building upon recent advancement of graph neural networks (GNNs), we develop GENI, a GNN-based method designed to deal with distinctive challenges involved with predicting node importance in KGs. Our method performs an aggregation of importance scores instead of aggregating node embeddings via predicate-aware attention mechanism and flexible centrality adjustment. In our evaluation of GENI and existing methods on predicting node importance in real-world KGs with different characteristics, GENI achieves 5-17% higher NDCG@100 than the state of the art.

**Explainable Machine Learning for Scientific Insights and Discoveries**

Machine learning methods have been remarkably successful for a wide range of application areas in the extraction of essential information from data. An exciting and relatively recent development is the uptake of machine learning in the natural sciences, where the major goal is to obtain novel scientific insights and discoveries from observational or simulated data. A prerequisite for obtaining a scientific outcome is domain knowledge, which is needed to gain explainability, but also to enhance scientific consistency. In this article we review explainable machine learning in view of applications in the natural sciences and discuss three core elements which we identified as relevant in this context: transparency, interpretability, and explainability. With respect to these core elements, we provide a survey of recent scientific works incorporating machine learning, and in particular to the way that explainable machine learning is used in their respective application areas.

**Enhancing Domain Word Embedding via Latent Semantic Imputation**

We present a novel method named Latent Semantic Imputation (LSI) to transfer external knowledge into semantic space for enhancing word embedding. The method integrates graph theory to extract the latent manifold structure of the entities in the affinity space and leverages non-negative least squares with standard simplex constraints and power iteration method to derive spectral embeddings. It provides an effective and efficient approach to combining entity representations defined in different Euclidean spaces. Specifically, our approach generates and imputes reliable embedding vectors for low-frequency words in the semantic space and benefits downstream language tasks that depend on word embedding. We conduct comprehensive experiments on a carefully designed classification problem and language modeling and demonstrate the superiority of the enhanced embedding via LSI over several well-known benchmark embeddings. We also confirm the consistency of the results under different parameter settings of our method.

**A Neural-Symbolic Architecture for Inverse Graphics Improved by Lifelong Meta-Learning**

We follow the idea of formulating vision as inverse graphics and propose a new type of element for this task, a neural-symbolic capsule. It is capable of de-rendering a scene into semantic information feed-forward, as well as rendering it feed-backward. An initial set of capsules for graphical primitives is obtained from a generative grammar and connected into a full capsule network. Lifelong meta-learning continuously improves this network’s detection capabilities by adding capsules for new and more complex objects it detects in a scene using few-shot learning. Preliminary results demonstrate the potential of our novel approach.

**A Memory-Efficient Sketch Method for Estimating High Similarities in Streaming Sets**

Estimating set similarity and detecting highly similar sets are fundamental problems in areas such as databases, machine learning, and information retrieval. MinHash is a well-known technique for approximating Jaccard similarity of sets and has been successfully used for many applications such as similarity search and large scale learning. Its two compressed versions, b-bit MinHash and Odd Sketch, can significantly reduce the memory usage of the original MinHash method, especially for estimating high similarities (i.e., similarities around 1). Although MinHash can be applied to static sets as well as streaming sets, of which elements are given in a streaming fashion and cardinality is unknown or even infinite, unfortunately, b-bit MinHash and Odd Sketch fail to deal with streaming data. To solve this problem, we design a memory efficient sketch method, MaxLogHash, to accurately estimate Jaccard similarities in streaming sets. Compared to MinHash, our method uses smaller sized registers (each register consists of less than 7 bits) to build a compact sketch for each set. We also provide a simple yet accurate estimator for inferring Jaccard similarity from MaxLogHash sketches. In addition, we derive formulas for bounding the estimation error and determine the smallest necessary memory usage (i.e., the number of registers used for a MaxLogHash sketch) for the desired accuracy. We conduct experiments on a variety of datasets, and experimental results show that our method MaxLogHash is about 5 times more memory efficient than MinHash with the same accuracy and computational cost for estimating high similarities.

**Beyond Alternating Updates for Matrix Factorization with Inertial Bregman Proximal Gradient Algorithms**

Matrix Factorization is a popular non-convex objective, for which alternating minimization schemes are mostly used. They usually suffer from the major drawback that the solution is biased towards one of the optimization variables. A remedy is non-alternating schemes. However, due to a lack of Lipschitz continuity of the gradient in matrix factorization problems, convergence cannot be guaranteed. A recently developed remedy relies on the concept of Bregman distances, which generalizes the standard Euclidean distance. We exploit this theory by proposing a novel Bregman distance for matrix factorization problems, which, at the same time, allows for simple/closed form update steps. Therefore, for non-alternating schemes, such as the recently introduced Bregman Proximal Gradient (BPG) method and an inertial variant Convex–Concave Inertial BPG (CoCaIn BPG), convergence of the whole sequence to a stationary point is proved for Matrix Factorization. In several experiments, we observe a superior performance of our non-alternating schemes in terms of speed and objective value at the limit point.

**Learning Networked Exponential Families with Network Lasso**

The data arising in many important big-data applications, ranging from social networks to network medicine, consist of high-dimensional data points related by an intrinsic (complex) network structure. In order to jointly leverage the information conveyed in the network structure as well as the statistical power contained in high-dimensional data points, we propose networked exponential families. We apply the network Lasso to learn networked exponential families as a probabilistic model for heterogeneous datasets with intrinsic network structure. In order to allow for accurate learning from high-dimensional data we borrow statistical strength, via the intrinsic network structure, across the dataset. The resulting method aims at regularized empirical risk minimization using the total variation of the model parameters as regularizer. This minimization problem is a non-smooth convex optimization problem which we solve using a primal-dual splitting method. This method is appealing for big data applications as it can be implemented as a highly scalable message passing algorithm.

**Selection dynamics for deep neural networks**

This paper introduces the mathematical formulation of deep residual neural networks as a PDE optimal control problem. We study the wellposedness, the large time solution behavior, and the characterization of the steady states for the forward problem. Several useful time-uniform estimates and stability/instability conditions are presented. We state and prove optimality conditions for the inverse deep learning problem, using the Hamilton-Jacobi-Bellmann equation and the Pontryagin maximum principle. This serves to establish a mathematical foundation for investigating the algorithmic and theoretical connections between optimal control and deep learning.

**From web crawled text to project descriptions: automatic summarizing of social innovation projects**

In the past decade, social innovation projects have gained the attention of policy makers, as they address important social issues in an innovative manner. A database of social innovation is an important source of information that can expand collaboration between social innovators, drive policy and serve as an important resource for research. Such a database needs to have projects described and summarized. In this paper, we propose and compare several methods (e.g. SVM-based, recurrent neural network based, ensambled) for describing projects based on the text that is available on project websites. We also address and propose a new metric for automated evaluation of summaries based on topic modelling.

**AI-CARGO: A Data-Driven Air-Cargo Revenue Management System**

We propose AI-CARGO, a revenue management system for air-cargo that combines machine learning prediction with decision-making using mathematical optimization methods. AI-CARGO addresses a problem that is unique to the air-cargo business, namely the wide discrepancy between the quantity (weight or volume) that a shipper will book and the actual received amount at departure time by the airline. The discrepancy results in sub-optimal and inefficient behavior by both the shipper and the airline resulting in the overall loss of potential revenue for the airline. AI-CARGO also includes a data cleaning component to deal with the heterogeneous forms in which booking data is transmitted to the airline cargo system. AI-CARGO is deployed in the production environment of a large commercial airline company. We have validated the benefits of AI-CARGO using real and synthetic datasets. Especially, we have carried out simulations using dynamic programming techniques to elicit the impact on offloading costs and revenue generation of our proposed system. Our results suggest that combining prediction within a decision-making framework can help dramatically to reduce offloading costs and optimize revenue generation.

**A Joint Named-Entity Recognizer for Heterogeneous Tag-setsUsing a Tag Hierarchy**

We study a variant of domain adaptation for named-entity recognition where multiple, heterogeneously tagged training sets are available. Furthermore, the test tag-set is not identical to any individual training tag-set. Yet, the relations between all tags are provided in a tag hierarchy, covering the test tags as a combination of training tags. This setting occurs when various datasets are created using different annotation schemes. This is also the case of extending a tag-set with a new tag by annotating only the new tag in a new dataset. We propose to use the given tag hierarchy to jointly learn a neural network that shares its tagging layer among all tag-sets. We compare this model to combining independent models and to a model based on the multitasking approach. Our experiments show the benefit of the tag-hierarchy model, especially when facing non-trivial consolidation of tag-sets.

**Simplified Neural Unsupervised Domain Adaptation**

Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) is the task of modifying a statistical model trained on labeled data from a source domain to achieve better performance on data from a target domain, with access to only unlabeled data in the target domain. Existing state-of-the-art UDA approaches use neural networks to learn representations that can predict the values of subset of important features called ‘pivot features.’ In this work, we show that it is possible to improve on these methods by jointly training the representation learner with the task learner, and examine the importance of existing pivot selection methods.

**A framework for the extraction of Deep Neural Networks by leveraging public data**

Machine learning models trained on confidential datasets are increasingly being deployed for profit. Machine Learning as a Service (MLaaS) has made such models easily accessible to end-users. Prior work has developed model extraction attacks, in which an adversary extracts an approximation of MLaaS models by making black-box queries to it. However, none of these works is able to satisfy all the three essential criteria for practical model extraction: (1) the ability to work on deep learning models, (2) the non-requirement of domain knowledge and (3) the ability to work with a limited query budget. We design a model extraction framework that makes use of active learning and large public datasets to satisfy them. We demonstrate that it is possible to use this framework to steal deep classifiers trained on a variety of datasets from image and text domains. By querying a model via black-box access for its top prediction, our framework improves performance on an average over a uniform noise baseline by 4.70x for image tasks and 2.11x for text tasks respectively, while using only 30% (30,000 samples) of the public dataset at its disposal.

**Evaluating recommender systems for AI-driven data science**

We present a free and open-source platform to allow researchers to easily apply supervised machine learning to their data. A key component of this system is a recommendation engine that is bootstrapped with machine learning results generated on a repository of open-source datasets. The recommendation system chooses which analyses to run for the user, and allows the user to view analyses, download reproducible code or fitted models, and visualize results via a web browser. The recommender system learns online as results are generated. In this paper we benchmark several recommendation strategies, including collaborative filtering and metalearning approaches, for their ability to learn to select and run optimal algorithm configurations for various datasets as results are generated. We find that a matrix factorization-based recommendation system learns to choose increasingly accurate models from few initial results.

**Deeper Text Understanding for IR with Contextual Neural Language Modeling**

Neural networks provide new possibilities to automatically learn complex language patterns and query-document relations. Neural IR models have achieved promising results in learning query-document relevance patterns, but few explorations have been done on understanding the text content of a query or a document. This paper studies leveraging a recently-proposed contextual neural language model, BERT, to provide deeper text understanding for IR. Experimental results demonstrate that the contextual text representations from BERT are more effective than traditional word embeddings. Compared to bag-of-words retrieval models, the contextual language model can better leverage language structures, bringing large improvements on queries written in natural languages. Combining the text understanding ability with search knowledge leads to an enhanced pre-trained BERT model that can benefit related search tasks where training data are limited.

**Online Collection and Forecasting of Resource Utilization in Large-Scale Distributed Systems**

Large-scale distributed computing systems often contain thousands of distributed nodes (machines). Monitoring the conditions of these nodes is important for system management purposes, which, however, can be extremely resource demanding as this requires collecting local measurements of each individual node and constantly sending those measurements to a central controller. Meanwhile, it is often useful to forecast the future system conditions for various purposes such as resource planning/allocation and anomaly detection, but it is usually too resource-consuming to have one forecasting model running for each node, which may also neglect correlations in observed metrics across different nodes. In this paper, we propose a mechanism for collecting and forecasting the resource utilization of machines in a distributed computing system in a scalable manner. We present an algorithm that allows each local node to decide when to transmit its most recent measurement to the central node, so that the transmission frequency is kept below a given constraint value. Based on the measurements received from local nodes, the central node summarizes the received data into a small number of clusters. Since the cluster partitioning can change over time, we also present a method to capture the evolution of clusters and their centroids. As an effective way to reduce the amount of computation, time-series forecasting models are trained on the time-varying centroids of each cluster, to forecast the future resource utilizations of a group of local nodes. The effectiveness of our proposed approach is confirmed by extensive experiments using multiple real-world datasets.

**Dual Active Sampling on Batch-Incremental Active Learning**

Recently, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have shown unprecedented success in the field of computer vision, especially on challenging image classification tasks by relying on a universal approach, i.e., training a deep model on a massive dataset of supervised examples. While unlabeled data are often an abundant resource, collecting a large set of labeled data, on the other hand, are very expensive, which often require considerable human efforts. One way to ease out this is to effectively select and label highly informative instances from a pool of unlabeled data (i.e., active learning). This paper proposed a new method of batch-mode active learning, Dual Active Sampling(DAS), which is based on a simple assumption, if two deep neural networks (DNNs) of the same structure and trained on the same dataset give significantly different output for a given sample, then that particular sample should be picked for additional training. While other state of the art methods in this field usually require intensive computational power or relying on a complicated structure, DAS is simpler to implement and, managed to get improved results on Cifar-10 with preferable computational time compared to the core-set method.

**FastSpeech: Fast, Robust and Controllable Text to Speech**

Neural network based end-to-end text to speech (TTS) has significantly improved the quality of synthesized speech. Prominent methods (e.g., Tacotron 2) usually first generate mel-spectrogram from text, and then synthesize speech from mel-spectrogram using vocoder such as WaveNet. Compared with traditional concatenative and statistical parametric approaches, neural network based end-to-end models suffer from slow inference speed, and the synthesized speech is usually not robust (i.e., some words are skipped or repeated) and lack of controllability (voice speed or prosody control). In this work, we propose a novel feed-forward network based on Transformer to generate mel-spectrogram in parallel for TTS. Specifically, we extract attention alignments from an encoder-decoder based teacher model for phoneme duration prediction, which is used by a length regulator to expand the source phoneme sequence to match the length of target mel-sprectrogram sequence for parallel mel-sprectrogram generation. Experiments on the LJSpeech dataset show that our parallel model matches autoregressive models in terms of speech quality, nearly eliminates the skipped words and repeated words, and can adjust voice speed smoothly. Most importantly, compared with autoregressive models, our model speeds up the mel-sprectrogram generation by 270x. Therefore, we call our model FastSpeech. We will release the code on Github.

**COBRA: Data-Efficient Model-Based RL through Unsupervised Object Discovery and Curiosity-Driven Exploration**

Data efficiency and robustness to task-irrelevant perturbations are long-standing challenges for deep reinforcement learning algorithms. Here we introduce a modular approach to addressing these challenges in a continuous control environment, without using hand-crafted or supervised information. Our Curious Object-Based seaRch Agent (COBRA) uses task-free intrinsically motivated exploration and unsupervised learning to build object-based models of its environment and action space. Subsequently, it can learn a variety of tasks through model-based search in very few steps and excel on structured hold-out tests of policy robustness.





### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

