---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Whats new on arXiv
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/05/21/whats-new-on-arxiv-983/
date:      2019-05-21
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - learning
    - learned
    - tasks
    - generation
    - generating
---

**SuperChat: Dialogue Generation by Transfer Learning from Vision to Language using Two-dimensional Word Embedding and Pretrained ImageNet CNN Models**

The recent work of Super Characters method using two-dimensional word embedding achieved state-of-the-art results in text classification tasks, showcasing the promise of this new approach. This paper borrows the idea of Super Characters method and two-dimensional embedding, and proposes a method of generating conversational response for open domain dialogues. The experimental results on a public dataset shows that the proposed SuperChat method generates high quality responses. An interactive demo is ready to show at the workshop.

**A Distributed Approach towards Discriminative Distance Metric Learning**

Distance metric learning is successful in discovering intrinsic relations in data. However, most algorithms are computationally demanding when the problem size becomes large. In this paper, we propose a discriminative metric learning algorithm, and develop a distributed scheme learning metrics on moderate-sized subsets of data, and aggregating the results into a global solution. The technique leverages the power of parallel computation. The algorithm of the aggregated distance metric learning (ADML) scales well with the data size and can be controlled by the partition. We theoretically analyse and provide bounds for the error induced by the distributed treatment. We have conducted experimental evaluation of ADML, both on specially designed tests and on practical image annotation tasks. Those tests have shown that ADML achieves the state-of-the-art performance at only a fraction of the cost incurred by most existing methods.

**Metareasoning in Modular Software Systems: On-the-Fly Configuration using Reinforcement Learning with Rich Contextual Representations**

Assemblies of modular subsystems are being pressed into service to perform sensing, reasoning, and decision making in high-stakes, time-critical tasks in such areas as transportation, healthcare, and industrial automation. We address the opportunity to maximize the utility of an overall computing system by employing reinforcement learning to guide the configuration of the set of interacting modules that comprise the system. The challenge of doing system-wide optimization is a combinatorial problem. Local attempts to boost the performance of a specific module by modifying its configuration often leads to losses in overall utility of the system’s performance as the distribution of inputs to downstream modules changes drastically. We present metareasoning techniques which consider a rich representation of the input, monitor the state of the entire pipeline, and adjust the configuration of modules on-the-fly so as to maximize the utility of a system’s operation. We show significant improvement in both real-world and synthetic pipelines across a variety of reinforcement learning techniques.

**MetricGAN: Generative Adversarial Networks based Black-box Metric Scores Optimization for Speech Enhancement**

Adversarial loss in a conditional generative adversarial network (GAN) is not designed to directly optimize evaluation metrics of a target task, and thus, may not always guide the generator in a GAN to generate data with improved metric scores. To overcome this issue, we propose a novel MetricGAN approach with an aim to optimize the generator with respect to one or multiple evaluation metrics. Moreover, based on MetricGAN, the metric scores of the generated data can also be arbitrarily specified by users. We tested the proposed MetricGAN on a speech enhancement task, which is particularly suitable to verify the proposed approach because there are multiple metrics measuring different aspects of speech signals. Moreover, these metrics are generally complex and could not be fully optimized by Lp or conventional adversarial losses.

**A Stochastic Gradient Method with Biased Estimation for Faster Nonconvex Optimization**

A number of optimization approaches have been proposed for optimizing nonconvex objectives (e.g. deep learning models), such as batch gradient descent, stochastic gradient descent and stochastic variance reduced gradient descent. Theory shows these optimization methods can converge by using an unbiased gradient estimator. However, in practice biased gradient estimation can allow more efficient convergence to the vicinity since an unbiased approach is computationally more expensive. To produce fast convergence there are two trade-offs of these optimization strategies which are between stochastic/batch, and between biased/unbiased. This paper proposes an integrated approach which can control the nature of the stochastic element in the optimizer and can balance the trade-off of estimator between the biased and unbiased by using a hyper-parameter. It is shown theoretically and experimentally that this hyper-parameter can be configured to provide an effective balance to improve the convergence rate.

**Learning Novel Policies For Tasks**

In this work, we present a reinforcement learning algorithm that can find a variety of policies (novel policies) for a task that is given by a task reward function. Our method does this by creating a second reward function that recognizes previously seen state sequences and rewards those by novelty, which is measured using autoencoders that have been trained on state sequences from previously discovered policies. We present a two-objective update technique for policy gradient algorithms in which each update of the policy is a compromise between improving the task reward and improving the novelty reward. Using this method, we end up with a collection of policies that solves a given task as well as carrying out action sequences that are distinct from one another. We demonstrate this method on maze navigation tasks, a reaching task for a simulated robot arm, and a locomotion task for a hopper. We also demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on deceptive tasks in which policy gradient methods often get stuck.

**Nearest Neighbor and Kernel Survival Analysis: Nonasymptotic Error Bounds and Strong Consistency Rates**

We establish the first nonasymptotic error bounds for Kaplan-Meier-based nearest neighbor and kernel survival probability estimators where feature vectors reside in metric spaces. Our bounds imply rates of strong consistency for these nonparametric estimators and, up to a log factor, match an existing lower bound for conditional CDF estimation. Our proof strategy also yields nonasymptotic guarantees for nearest neighbor and kernel variants of the Nelson-Aalen cumulative hazards estimator. We experimentally compare these methods on four datasets. We find that for the kernel survival estimator, a good choice of kernel is one learned using random survival forests.

**Affine Variational Autoencoders: An Efficient Approach for Improving Generalization and Robustness to Distribution Shift**

In this study, we propose the Affine Variational Autoencoder (AVAE), a variant of Variational Autoencoder (VAE) designed to improve robustness by overcoming the inability of VAEs to generalize to distributional shifts in the form of affine perturbations. By optimizing an affine transform to maximize ELBO, the proposed AVAE transforms an input to the training distribution without the need to increase model complexity to model the full distribution of affine transforms. In addition, we introduce a training procedure to create an efficient model by learning a subset of the training distribution, and using the AVAE to improve generalization and robustness to distributional shift at test time. Experiments on affine perturbations demonstrate that the proposed AVAE significantly improves generalization and robustness to distributional shift in the form of affine perturbations without an increase in model complexity.

**Hierarchically Structured Meta-learning**

In order to learn quickly with few samples, meta-learning utilizes prior knowledge learned from previous tasks. However, a critical challenge in meta-learning is task uncertainty and heterogeneity, which can not be handled via globally sharing knowledge among tasks. In this paper, based on gradient-based meta-learning, we propose a hierarchically structured meta-learning (HSML) algorithm that explicitly tailors the transferable knowledge to different clusters of tasks. Inspired by the way human beings organize knowledge, we resort to a hierarchical task clustering structure to cluster tasks. As a result, the proposed approach not only addresses the challenge via the knowledge customization to different clusters of tasks, but also preserves knowledge generalization among a cluster of similar tasks. To tackle the changing of task relationship, in addition, we extend the hierarchical structure to a continual learning environment. The experimental results show that our approach can achieve state-of-the-art performance in both toy-regression and few-shot image classification problems.

**Generalized Approximate Survey Propagation for High-Dimensional Estimation**

In Generalized Linear Estimation (GLE) problems, we seek to estimate a signal that is observed through a linear transform followed by a component-wise, possibly nonlinear and noisy, channel. In the Bayesian optimal setting, Generalized Approximate Message Passing (GAMP) is known to achieve optimal performance for GLE. However, its performance can significantly degrade whenever there is a mismatch between the assumed and the true generative model, a situation frequently encountered in practice. In this paper, we propose a new algorithm, named Generalized Approximate Survey Propagation (GASP), for solving GLE in the presence of prior or model mis-specifications. As a prototypical example, we consider the phase retrieval problem, where we show that GASP outperforms the corresponding GAMP, reducing the reconstruction threshold and, for certain choices of its parameters, approaching Bayesian optimal performance. Furthermore, we present a set of State Evolution equations that exactly characterize the dynamics of GASP in the high-dimensional limit.

**Graph Attribute Aggregation Network with Progressive Margin Folding**

Graph convolutional neural networks (GCNNs) have been attracting increasing research attention due to its great potential in inference over graph structures. However, insufficient effort has been devoted to the aggregation methods between different convolution graph layers. In this paper, we introduce a graph attribute aggregation network (GAAN) architecture. Different from the conventional pooling operations, a graph-transformation-based aggregation strategy, progressive margin folding, PMF, is proposed for integrating graph features. By distinguishing internal and margin elements, we provide an approach for implementing the folding iteratively. And a mechanism is also devised for preserving the local structures during progressively folding. In addition, a hypergraph-based representation is introduced for transferring the aggregated information between different layers. Our experiments applied to the public molecule datasets demonstrate that the proposed GAAN outperforms the existing GCNN models with significant effectiveness.

**Spectral Approximate Inference**

Given a graphical model (GM), computing its partition function is the most essential inference task, but it is computationally intractable in general. To address the issue, iterative approximation algorithms exploring certain local structure/consistency of GM have been investigated as popular choices in practice. However, due to their local/iterative nature, they often output poor approximations or even do not converge, e.g., in low-temperature regimes (hard instances of large parameters). To overcome the limitation, we propose a novel approach utilizing the global spectral feature of GM. Our contribution is two-fold: (a) we first propose a fully polynomial-time approximation scheme (FPTAS) for approximating the partition function of GM associating with a low-rank coupling matrix; (b) for general high-rank GMs, we design a spectral mean-field scheme utilizing (a) as a subroutine, where it approximates a high-rank GM into a product of rank-1 GMs for an efficient approximation of the partition function. The proposed algorithm is more robust in its running time and accuracy than prior methods, i.e., neither suffers from the convergence issue nor depends on hard local structures, as demonstrated in our experiments.

**Control Regularization for Reduced Variance Reinforcement Learning**

Dealing with high variance is a significant challenge in model-free reinforcement learning (RL). Existing methods are unreliable, exhibiting high variance in performance from run to run using different initializations/seeds. Focusing on problems arising in continuous control, we propose a functional regularization approach to augmenting model-free RL. In particular, we regularize the behavior of the deep policy to be similar to a policy prior, i.e., we regularize in function space. We show that functional regularization yields a bias-variance trade-off, and propose an adaptive tuning strategy to optimize this trade-off. When the policy prior has control-theoretic stability guarantees, we further show that this regularization approximately preserves those stability guarantees throughout learning. We validate our approach empirically on a range of settings, and demonstrate significantly reduced variance, guaranteed dynamic stability, and more efficient learning than deep RL alone.

**Population Based Augmentation: Efficient Learning of Augmentation Policy Schedules**

**Convolutional Poisson Gamma Belief Network**

For text analysis, one often resorts to a lossy representation that either completely ignores word order or embeds each word as a low-dimensional dense feature vector. In this paper, we propose convolutional Poisson factor analysis (CPFA) that directly operates on a lossless representation that processes the words in each document as a sequence of high-dimensional one-hot vectors. To boost its performance, we further propose the convolutional Poisson gamma belief network (CPGBN) that couples CPFA with the gamma belief network via a novel probabilistic pooling layer. CPFA forms words into phrases and captures very specific phrase-level topics, and CPGBN further builds a hierarchy of increasingly more general phrase-level topics. For efficient inference, we develop both a Gibbs sampler and a Weibull distribution based convolutional variational auto-encoder. Experimental results demonstrate that CPGBN can extract high-quality text latent representations that capture the word order information, and hence can be leveraged as a building block to enrich a wide variety of existing latent variable models that ignore word order.

**Revisiting Precision and Recall Definition for Generative Model Evaluation**

In this article we revisit the definition of Precision-Recall (PR) curves for generative models proposed by Sajjadi et al. (arXiv:1806.00035). Rather than providing a scalar for generative quality, PR curves distinguish mode-collapse (poor recall) and bad quality (poor precision). We first generalize their formulation to arbitrary measures, hence removing any restriction to finite support. We also expose a bridge between PR curves and type I and type II error rates of likelihood ratio classifiers on the task of discriminating between samples of the two distributions. Building upon this new perspective, we propose a novel algorithm to approximate precision-recall curves, that shares some interesting methodological properties with the hypothesis testing technique from Lopez-Paz et al (arXiv:1610.06545). We demonstrate the interest of the proposed formulation over the original approach on controlled multi-modal datasets.

**LSANet: Feature Learning on Point Sets by Local Spatial Attention**

**NGO-GM: Natural Gradient Optimization for Graphical Models**

This paper deals with estimating model parameters in graphical models. We reformulate it as an information geometric optimization problem and introduce a natural gradient descent strategy that incorporates additional meta parameters. We show that our approach is a strong alternative to the celebrated EM approach for learning in graphical models. Actually, our natural gradient based strategy leads to learning optimal parameters for the final objective function without artificially trying to fit a distribution that may not correspond to the real one. We support our theoretical findings with the question of trend detection in financial markets and show that the learned model performs better than traditional practitioner methods and is less prone to overfitting.

**An Improved Self-supervised GAN via Adversarial Training**

We propose to improve unconditional Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) by training the self-supervised learning with the adversarial process. In particular, we apply self-supervised learning via the geometric transformation on input images and assign the pseudo-labels to these transformed images. (i) In addition to the GAN task, which distinguishes data (real) versus generated (fake) samples, we train the discriminator to predict the correct pseudo-labels of real transformed samples (classification task). Importantly, we find out that simultaneously training the discriminator to classify the fake class from the pseudo-classes of real samples for the classification task will improve the discriminator and subsequently lead better guides to train generator. (ii) The generator is trained by attempting to confuse the discriminator for not only the GAN task but also the classification task. For the classification task, the generator tries to confuse the discriminator recognizing the transformation of its output as one of the real transformed classes. Especially, we exploit that when the generator creates samples that result in a similar loss (via cross-entropy) as that of the real ones, the training is more stable and the generator distribution tends to match better the data distribution. When integrating our techniques into a state-of-the-art Auto-Encoder (AE) based-GAN model, they help to significantly boost the model’s performance and also establish new state-of-the-art Fr\’echet Inception Distance (FID) scores in the literature of unconditional GAN for CIFAR-10 and STL-10 datasets.

**Crowdsourcing Data Acquisition via Social Networks**

We consider a requester who acquires a set of data (e.g. images) that is not owned by one party. In order to collect all the data, crowdsourcing mechanisms have been widely used to seek help from the crowd. However, existing mechanisms rely on third-party platforms, and the workers from these platforms are not necessarily helpful and redundant data are also not properly handled. To combat this problem, we propose a novel crowdsourcing mechanism based on social networks, where the rewards of the workers are calculated by information entropy and a modified Shapley value. This mechanism incentivizes the workers from the network to not only provide all data they have, but also further invite their neighbours to offer more data. Eventually, the mechanism is able to acquire all data from all workers on the network with a constrained reward spending.

**Deep Residual Output Layers for Neural Language Generation**

Many tasks, including language generation, benefit from learning the structure of the output space, particularly when the space of output labels is large and the data is sparse. State-of-the-art neural language models indirectly capture the output space structure in their classifier weights since they lack parameter sharing across output labels. Learning shared output label mappings helps, but existing methods have limited expressivity and are prone to overfitting. In this paper, we investigate the usefulness of more powerful shared mappings for output labels, and propose a deep residual output mapping with dropout between layers to better capture the structure of the output space and avoid overfitting. Evaluations on three language generation tasks show that our output label mapping can match or improve state-of-the-art recurrent and self-attention architectures, and suggest that the classifier does not necessarily need to be high-rank to better model natural language if it is better at capturing the structure of the output space.

**A self-organising eigenspace map for time series clustering**

This paper presents a novel time series clustering method, the self-organising eigenspace map (SOEM), based on a generalisation of the well-known self-organising feature map (SOFM). The SOEM operates on the eigenspaces of the embedded covariance structures of time series which are related directly to modes in those time series. Approximate joint diagonalisation acts as a pseudo-metric across these spaces allowing us to generalise the SOFM to a neural network with matrix input. The technique is empirically validated against three sets of experiments; univariate and multivariate time series clustering, and application to (clustered) multi-variate time series forecasting. Results indicate that the technique performs a valid topologically ordered clustering of the time series. The clustering is superior in comparison to standard benchmarks when the data is non-aligned, gives the best clustering stage for when used in forecasting, and can be used with partial/non-overlapping time series, multivariate clustering and produces a topological representation of the time series objects.

**Efficient Computation of Hessian Matrices in TensorFlow**

The Hessian matrix has a number of important applications in a variety of different fields, such as optimzation, image processing and statistics. In this paper we focus on the practical aspects of efficiently computing Hessian matrices in the context of deep learning using the Python scripting language and the TensorFlow library.





### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

