---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      How to Become a Data Scientist?
subtitle:      转载自：https://www.codementor.io/meenatibiswal/how-to-become-a-data-scientist-updxiszrz
date:      2019-05-06
author:      meenati biswal
tags:
    - data scientist
    - learning
    - sciences
    - business
    - skills
---

Becoming a data scientist is difficult. It should come as no surprise that, traditionally, data scientist requirements include advanced education. Research suggests that most data scientists are equipped with an advanced degree in mathematics and statistics (32 percent), computer science (19 percent), or engineering (16 percent). However, because demand far outpaces supply, companies often hire individuals without a graduate degree (and sometimes without any degree).

Data scientists are highly educated – 88% have at least a Master’s degree and 46% have PhDs – and while there are notable exceptions, a very strong educational background is usually required to develop the depth of knowledge necessary to be a data scientist. To become a data scientist, you could earn a Bachelor’s degree in Computer science, Social sciences, Physical sciences, and Statistics. The most common fields of study are Mathematics and Statistics (32%), followed by Computer Science (19%) and Engineering (16%). A degree in any of these courses will give you the skills you need to process and analyze big data.

**The following data scientist qualifications:**

-Master’s or Ph.D. in statistics, mathematics, or computer science-Experience using statistical computer languages such as R, Python, SQL, etc.-Experience in statistical and data mining techniques, including generalized -linear model/regression, random forest, boosting, trees, text mining, social network analysis-Knowledge of machine learning techniques such as clustering, decision tree learning, and artificial neural networks-Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts, including regression, properties of distributions, and statistical tests-Experience using web services: Redshift, S3, Spark, DigitalOcean, etc.-Experience analyzing data from third-party providers, including Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Coremetrics, AdWords, Crimson Hexagon, Facebook Insights, etc.-Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL, etc.-Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using: Periscope, Business Objects, D3, etc.-Learn data Science Course 

**What are the top skills needed to become a data scientist?**

**Learn R or Python**It is important to learn R or Python to manipulate, visualize, and interpret data. The two most popular programming tools for data science work are Python and R according to a Data Science Survey conducted by O’Reilly.

Data science is only a small portion within the diverse Python ecosystem. Python’s suite of specialized deep learning and other machine learning libraries includes popular tools like sci-kit-learn, Keras, and TensorFlow, which enable data scientists to develop sophisticated data models that plug directly into a production system.

**Communication skills **

Companies searching for a strong data scientist are looking for someone who can clearly and fluently translate their technical findings to a non-technical team, such as the Marketing or Sales departments. A data scientist must enable the business to make decisions by arming them with quantified insights, in addition to understanding the needs of their non-technical colleagues in order to wrangle the data appropriately. Check out our recent flash survey for more information on communication skills for quantitative professionals.

**SQL for Data Analysis**SQL is a critical tool to use in data science, mostly to prep and extract datasets. Structured Query Language (SQL) is important to extract and analyze data stored in databases.With SQL you can extract data, join tables together, and perform aggregations. At NEXT Academy’s Full Stack Web Development Bootcamp you will learn to write SQL queries to create, read, update and delete data from a database.

**Data Analysis and Data Visualization**The process of turning numbers into insights is what it’s all about. In the business world, a data analyst will focus on exploring large sets of data and connecting that data with actions that can drive business impact.

Finishing your data analysis is only half the battle. To drive impact, you will have to convince others to believe and adopt your insights. Human beings are visual creatures. It’s typically much easier for us to process information by examining a (thoughtfully created) chart or graph than by poring over a spreadsheet.data science Certification

**To become a data scientist you have to be a good problem solver**“A great data scientist involves finding someone who has somewhat contradictory skill sets: intelligence to handle data processing and create useful models; and an intuitive understanding of the business problem they’re trying to solve, the structure and nuances of the data, and how the models work,” says Lee Barnes, head of Paytronix Data Insights at business software provider Paytronix Systems.
