---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      MBA vs Data Science Certification
subtitle:      转载自：https://dimensionless.in/mba-vs-data-science-certification/
date:      2019-05-07
author:      Kartik Singh
tags:
    - data
    - courses
    - sciences
    - learnings
    - business
---

### Introduction

More organizations are adopting data-driven and technology-focused approaches to business and hence the need for analytics expertise continues to grow. As a result, career opportunities in analytics are around every corner. Due to this identifying analytics talent has become a priority for companies in nearly every industry, from healthcare, finance, and telecommunications to retail, energy, and sports.

But these plethoras of available opportunities come with a catch! Yes, there is a catch to it. This growing demand for data scientists is more centered around the individuals who are practitioners in the field rather than those who are into the entry-level position. But this is not the end of the road for the young data scientists out here. The best and the only option (not for the younger ones but for everyone) is to learn and practice hard and upgrade one’s skill as a data scientist.

###  

### What is an MBA?

The Master of Business Administration (MBA) is an internationally-recognized degree designed to develop the skills required for careers in business and management. The value of the MBA, however, is not limited strictly to the business world. An MBA can also be useful for those pursuing a managerial career in the public sector, government, private industry, and other areas.

Most MBA programs include a “core” curriculum of subjects, such as accounting, economics, marketing, and operations, as well as elective courses that allow participants to follow their own personal or professional interests. Some schools require that MBA candidates complete an internship at a company or organization, which can lead to concrete job opportunities after the program.

###  

### What are Certifications in Data Science

Certificate programs are fast career training that boosts your resume and increases your salary potential. Typically, certificate programs prepare students to work in a specialized trade or update their professional skills. When an employer sees a certificate on your resume, it sets you apart from other candidates. Furthermore, it demonstrates ambition and dedication to your career. Generally, any certification in data science will consist of basic concepts like R, python, statistics and machine learning. Moreover, these courses aim at imparting a specific set of knowledge rather than giving information about the full domain.

###  

### Difference

An MBA is a multidisciplinary course of study that helps you understand the various facets of running a business, ergo the name, a master of business administration. An MBA assumes that you have come far enough in your career to put the theories you learn during the course– marketing, finance, and operations, into some sort of context. A context that you can not build without some understanding of how a business functions. MBA’s are useful but only to finance and operation those who come in with 5–6 years of relevant work experience. Furthermore, having already hands-on with a shop floor of a store, they do an MBA to understand the other facets, which they can then apply to their experience.

This is what generally happens abroad. In India however, the stress on academics and degrees mean that most people do an MBA right after college without any experience leading to a two-year course of study that adds no value, not even to the resume. But then, you ask, how do we stand out against others during a job hunt? You stand out by doing a course that is tailor-made where the curriculum has been designed in conjunction with specialists and endorsed by companies. Also, a short course does not expect you to have work experience and its sole purpose is to help you find a job, and it does that by training you specifically for a role which makes you more employable as you are able to add value to a company from day one.

#####  

##### 1. **Short professional programs are job specific**

All programs have been designed by industry experts and tailor-made to job requirements.

##### 2. **Professional programs are shorter** 

Because you spend only three months, you start working sooner and spend less time in the classroom and more time gaining valuable work experience that you can then use to apply to a more prestigious and useful MBA program

##### 3. **Short programs focus on getting you a job**

The short programs are tailored to a job, which attracts companies because they know our candidates are job read

###  

### Reasons to Choose Certification in Data Science

####  

#### High Demand

Across all industries, there is a shortage of data science talent. Specifically, companies lack the type of person who has the ability to help organizations integrate data and analytics into their existing operations. Also, a recent McKinsey & Company survey found that approximately half of the executives across geographies and industries reported greater difficulty recruiting analytical talent than filling any other kind of role. Furthermore, 40 per cent of the surveyed executives stated retention is another big issue they face.

Data scientists are in high demand in the business environment, and it’s highly likely they will continue to be in the new digital age. Organizations are overflowing with data and demanding professionals who can gather and organize that data in a meaningful way as well as analyze their data to arrive at smart business solutions

####  

#### Better ROI

Certification programs have a better return on investment in case of data science. With fairly less amount of money, you can learn the basics of data science which will help you in fetching a good job. Additionally,  the data science is something which anyone with adequate knowledge can do. You do not need to be from a certain specific background to do data sciences. With apt-knowledge, you can just do good in data sciences.

###  

### Dimensionless as Your Certification Partner

To cater to the high demand, Dimensionless Tech provides best online data science and big data training that provides in-depth course coverage, case study based learning, entirely Hands-on driven sessions with personalised attention to every participant. We provide only instructor-led LIVE online training sessions and not classroom training.

You can have a sneak peek into how classes are conducted which will help you make a wiser choiceDemo tutorial: Link

###  

### Our Courses

Following are the courses available

#####  

##### **1. Data Science using R and Python**(Link)

This is our complete data science course which is specifically designed for all the people looking for a career in data science. This course requires no pre-requisites and walks learners from basics to depth in every topic.This course includes1. Descriptive Statistics(Variability, Distributions, Central tendency etc)2. Inferential Statistics(Hypothesis Testing, ANOVA, Regression, T-tests etc)3. R (functions, libraries, dplyr, apply etc)4. Python (Functions, pandas, numpy, sci-kit learn etc)5. Machine Learning (Regression, SVM, Naive Bayes, Time Series Forecasting etc)6. Tableau7. Final Project

#####  

##### **2. Big Data and NLP** (Link)

Data is everywhere and there is a lot of it actually. Big Data gives us the capability to work on this large amount of data. This course is designed for learners who want to understand how data science is applied in the industry over the big data setup. Also, this course will help learners to understand Natural Language Processing and making learners perform analytics when encountered with a lot of textual dataThis course includes1. Spark basics and its architecture2. Data Manipulation with Spark3. Applied Machine Learning with Spark4. Text Processing using NLTK5. Building Text Classifiers with Machine Learning6. Semantic Analysis

#####  

##### **3. Deep Learning** (Link)

Machine Learning has been booming off late. This course is designed for all the people who are looking for machine learning engineer profile. This covers the concept starting from the basics of neural networks to building them to solve different case studiesThis course includes1. Understanding Neural networks and Deep Learning2. Tuning Deep Neural Networks3. Convolutional Neural Networks4. Recursive Neural Network

###  

### Why Dimensionless Technologies?

Dimensionless Technologies provide instructor-led LIVE online training with hands-on different problems. We do not provide classroom training but we deliver more as compared to what a classroom training could provide you with

Are you sceptical of online training or you feel that online mode is not the best platform to learn? Let us clear your insecurities about online training!

####  

#### 1. Live and Interactive sessions

We conduct classes through live sessions and not pre-recorded videos. The interactivity level is similar to classroom training and you get it in the comfort of your home. In case, If you miss any class or didn’t understand some concepts, you can’t go through the class again. However, in online courses, it’s possible to do that. We share the recordings of all our classes after each class with the student. Also, there’s no hassle of long-distance commuting and disrupting your schedule.

####  

#### 2. Highly Experienced Faculty

We have a very highly experienced faculty with us (IIT`ians) to help you grasp complex concepts and kick-start your career success journey

####  

#### 3. Up to Data Course content

Our course content is up to date which involves all the latest technologies and tools. Moreover, our course is well equipped for learners to grasp the knowledge required to solve real-world problems through their data analytical skills

####  

#### 4. Availability of Software and Computing Resource

Any laptop with 2GB RAM and Windows 7 and above is perfectly fine for this course. Additionally, all the software in this course are Freely downloadable from the Internet. Also, the trainers help you set it up in your systems. We also provide access to our Cloud-based online lab where these are already installed.

####  

#### 5. Industry-Based Projects

During the training, you will be solving multiple case studies from different domains. Once the LIVE training is done, you will start implementing your learnings on Real Time Datasets. Furthermore, you will work on data from various domains like Retail, Manufacturing, Supply Chain, Operations, Telecom, Oil and Gas and many more. Also, you will be working on multiple projects so that you can gain enough content and confidence to enter into the field of Data Science.

####  

#### 6. Course Completion Certificate

Yes, we will be issuing a course completion certificate to all individuals who successfully complete the training.

####  

#### 7. Placement Assistance

We provide you with real-time industry requirements on a daily basis through our connection in the industry. These requirements generally come through referral channels, hence the probability to get through increases manifold.

###  

### Summary

There is a growing divide between supply and demand for managers with big data skills. So should those headed to business schools consider a career in data science instead? While it is not a replacement for an MBA, having data science skills can help professionals complement their business degrees and MBAs with analytical skill sets. Also, many people feel that MBAs without data science skills are “absolutely” at a disadvantage. Probably, all you need is Data Science certification over the top of your MBA to be job ready in data sciences!

**Follow this link**, if you are looking to **learn data science online!**

You can **follow this link for our Big Data course!**

Additionally, if you are having an interest in **learning Data Science, click here to start the Online Data Science Course**

Furthermore, if you want to read more about data science, read our **Data Science Blogs**






 
