---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Data science best practices with pandas (video tutorial)
subtitle:      转载自：https://www.dataschool.io/data-science-best-practices-with-pandas/
date:      2019-05-23
author:      Kevin Markham
tags:
    - data science
    - functions
    - samples
    - pandas
    - versus
---

The pandas library is a powerful tool for multiple phases of the data science workflow, including data cleaning, visualization, and exploratory data analysis. However, the **size and complexity of the pandas library** makes it challenging to discover the best way to accomplish any given task.

In this in-depth tutorial, which I presented at PyCon 2019, you'll use pandas to answer questions about a real-world dataset. Through each exercise, **you'll learn important data science skills as well as "best practices" for using pandas.** By the end of the tutorial, you'll be more fluent at using pandas to correctly and efficiently answer your own data science questions.

This is an **intermediate level tutorial**, so if you're new to pandas, I recommend starting with my other video series: Easier data analysis with pandas.

If you want to follow along with the exercises at home, you can download the dataset and notebook from GitHub.

Here are some of the **topics covered in the video:**

- adjusting for bias in your dataset

- handling missing values

- choosing an appropriate plot

- customizing your plot

- using the datetime data type

- filtering using loc versus query

- using multiple aggregation functions

- checking for small sample sizes

- method chaining

- verifying your results using random samples

- evaluating a "stringifed" Python container

- applying a custom function to a Series

- writing lambda functions


Let me know if you have any questions, and I'm happy to answer them!

**P.S.** If you like this video, you should check out my interactive pandas course, Analyzing Police Activity with pandas.
