---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      PyCon Lithuania 2019 and a keynote on “Citizen Science with Python”
subtitle:      转载自：https://ianozsvald.com/2019/05/26/pycon-lithuania-2019-and-a-keynote-on-citizen-science-with-python/
date:      2019-05-26
author:      Ian
tags:
    - science
    - organiser
    - data
    - lovely
    - improving
---

I’ve had the great pleasure of attending PyConLT 2019 – my first trip to Lithuania. I had no idea what to expect (I’ve never been to this part of Europe) – Vilnius is a lovely city full of lovely Pythonistas. There’s a bunch of lovely art hanging underneath bridges, an amazing Soviet Palace of Arts and Sports and a number of castles – it really is very lovely here.

This keynote talk builds on a couple of previous iterations, here I spoke on “Citizen Science with Python“:

- Dirty North-Macedonian air analysis by Gorjan (from PyDataAmsterdam)

- Improving child births via Anna (from PyDataWarsaw)

- Monitoring saved and relocated Orangutangs using SciPy and drones via Dirk (from PyDataAmsterdam)

- Improving political engagement in the run up to the UK EU elections (via myself and colleagues at a political hackathon)

- Short demo of using open data in a Notebook to visualise  the 30 year increase in new breweries in the UK


The keynote was aimed at a mostly-engineer audience, to show that “with the power of the keyboard” we all have skills to make the world a better place that most of our fellow citizens lack.

Whilst here I got the chance to get involved in two very interesting discussions:

- How can others who want to start a meetup get some advice? This (hopefully) leads to the formation of a new PyDataVilnius (it was announced on stage in the closing notes – yay!) and the expansion of a similar group back in Cyprus (which has already had some positive feedback – yay!)

- How can folk take the next step with their data science project which led to interesting chats over lunch


I spent most of my time on the PyData track and met a load of very smart local and international folk, organiser Aidis and his volunteer crew did a really good job of pulling this together. I also got to meet PyDataBratislava co-organiser Radovan and PyDataPrague co-organiser Jan (we had the pleasure to meet last year when I went to their first meeting). These events really do help to build such a great international network.

 

---
