---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      RcppAnnoy 0.0.12
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/Do6WG8uao80/
date:      2019-05-13
author:      Thinking inside the box
tags:
    - documented
    - documentation
    - documenting
    - packages
    - seed settings
---






A new release of RcppAnnoy is now on CRAN.

RcppAnnoy is the Rcpp-based R integration of the nifty Annoy library by Erik. Annoy is a small and lightweight C++ template header library for very fast approximate nearest neighbours—originally developed to drive the famous Spotify music discovery algorithm.

This release brings several updates: Seed settings follow up on changes in the previous release 0.0.11, this is also documented in the vignette thanks to James Melville; more documentation was added thanks to Adam Spannbauer, unit tests now use the brandnew tinytest package, and vignette building was decoupled from package building. All these changes in this version are summarized with appropriate links below:

> 
Changes in version 0.0.12 (2019-05-12)


Allow setting of seed (Dirk in #41 fixing #40).


Document `setSeed` (James Melville in #42 documenting #41).


Added documentation (Adam Spannbauer in #44 closing #43).


Switched unit testing to the new tinytest package (Dirk in #45).


The vignette is now pre-made in included as-is in Sweave document reducing the number of suggested packages.




Courtesy of CRANberries, there is also a diffstat report for this release.


This post by Dirk Eddelbuettel originated on his Thinking inside the box blog. Please report excessive re-aggregation in third-party for-profit settings.




*Related*








---
