---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Let’s get it right
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/05/13/lets-get-it-right-33/
date:      2019-05-13
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - ai
    - article
    - technology
    - technologies
    - technological
---

***Article***: ***In the future, you may be fired by an algorithm***

Algorithms determine the people we meet on Tinder, recognize your face to open the keyless door or fire you when your productivity drops. Machines are used to make decisions about health, employment, education, vital financial and criminal sentencing. Algorithms are used to decide, who gets a job interview, who gets a donor organ or how an autonomous car reacts in a dangerous situation.

***Article***: ***Ethical AI: EU’s New Guidelines and the Future of AI Trustworthiness***

The EU has issued a set of guidelines, ‘Ethics Guidelines for Trustworthy AI’ to help tech companies steer towards ethical and inclusive AI as we come to terms with the potential of this technology.

***Article***: ***AI & Ethics: Are We Making It More Difficult On Ourselves?***

Not too long ago we discussed the AI Apocalypse as it pertained to the Facebook #TenYearChallenge. Is Facebook evil? Are we evil for helping usher in our own demise? As we put it: not quite. However, AI & ethics seem inexorably linked and for good reason. This is part of an ongoing series on the question of AI and ethics. And there’s no better place to start than with science fiction, of course. The question of what artificial intelligence could be capable of has captured our imaginations for a long while. The truth is, the idea may stretch as far back, at least in concept, to Ancient Greece. To get philosophical, the idea of what humankind’s creations could be capable of is not new. Neither is the notion of how we would contend with this. However, at least in a modern sense, Isaac Asimov was instrumental in thrusting the question into the public debate. At least as it pertains to artificial intelligence. Namely, robots. What could robots do? And how could we stop them?

***Article***: ***Center for Data Innovation comments in response to the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s request for information on artificial intelligence (AI) standards.***

The Center for Data Innovation is the leading think tank studying the intersection of data, technology, and public policy. With staff in Washington, D.C., and Brussels, the Center formulates and promotes pragmatic public policies designed to maximize the benefits of data-driven innovation in the public and private sectors. It educates policymakers and the public about the opportunities and challenges associated with data, as well as important data-related technology trends. The Center is a non-profit, non-partisan research institute affiliated with the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation. Robust technical standards for AI will be crucial to the success of the technology in the United States and abroad because they can serve as authoritative guidelines and benchmarks for the development and evaluation of AI. However thus far, concerns about the oversight of AI have stymied productive discussions about standards development by causing policymakers to prioritize oversight at the expense of technical understanding. NIST should shift this focus back to technical standards development to provide a sound scientific underpinning for any future efforts to increase oversight of AI. Additionally, NIST should strengthen U.S. leadership in developing AI standards and encouraging their broad adoption to ensure a globally competitive marketplace.

***Article***: ***NIST Requests Information on Artificial Intelligence Technical Standards and Tools***

The U.S. Department of Commerce’s National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) is seeking information about technical standards and related tools for artificial intelligence (AI). The Request for Information (RFI), published today in the Federal Register, is in response to the Feb. 11, 2019, Executive Order on Maintaining American Leadership in Artificial Intelligence. The executive order directs NIST to create a plan for federal engagement in the development of these standards and tools in support of reliable, robust and trustworthy systems that use AI technologies. ‘The inputs of the U.S. stakeholder community are essential to inform development of a plan that will support continued American leadership in AI,’ said Under Secretary of Commerce for Standards and Technology and NIST Director Walter G. Copan. ‘Sound technical standards, performance metrics and tools are needed to foster public trust and confidence in AI technologies, enabling the market adoption of the next wave of innovations that will contribute to the economic and national security of the United States.’ To develop the plan, NIST will engage with other federal agencies, the private sector, academic institutions, nongovernmental organizations and other stakeholders with an interest and expertise in AI and related standards.

***Article***: ***Artificial Intelligence Standards***

The February 11, 2019, Executive Order on Maintaining American Leadership in Artificial Intelligence (AI) directs the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) to create a plan for Federal engagement in the development of technical standards and related tools in support of reliable, robust, and trustworthy systems that use AI technologies (Plan). This notice requests information to help NIST understand the current state, plans, challenges, and opportunities regarding the development and availability of AI technical standards and related tools, as well as priority areas for federal involvement in AI standards-related activities. To assist in developing the Plan, NIST will consult with Federal agencies, the private sector, academia, non-governmental entities, and other stakeholders with interest in and expertise relating to AI.

***Article***: ***Your Mobile Banking App has a Problem (and I’m Not Sure Anyone Knows About it)***

The technology behind mobile banking is pretty incredible, but what happens when there’s a mistake? What happens if we don’t see the mistake? We’re living in a world where so many technological advancements have been made that they almost blend into the background. We’ve gotten used to the idea that we can let our phones and computers do the little things for us. It’s easy to forget how new all of this technology really is. But it is new. It’s changing every day. There are algorithms behind most of the basic things that you take for granted, from social media and entertainment to banking and finances. They are constantly evolving. They are not perfect.

***Article***: ***Learn AI Collaboratively by Saving the Planet***

Omdena and Ciencia y Datos has partnered up for a new AI Challenge, if you want to be one of the 50 AI enthusiasts to acquire hands-on skills by solving a meaningful and global problem you need to read this article.





### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

