---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      x13binary 1.1.39-2
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/DquL8wEOamA/
date:      2019-05-08
author:      Thinking inside the box
tags:
    - packages
    - release
    - x package
    - cran
    - binary
---






An updated x13binary package 1.1.39-2 of the X-13ARIMA-SEATS program by the US Census Bureau (with upstream release 1.1.39) is now on CRAN, pretty much exactly two years after the previous release 1.1.39-1.

The x13binary package takes the pain out of installing X-13ARIMA-SEATS by making it a fully resolved CRAN dependency. For example, if you install the excellent seasonal package by Christoph, then X-13ARIMA-SEATS will get pulled in via the x13binary package and *things just work*: Depend on x13binary and on all relevant OSs supported by R, you should have an X-13ARIMA-SEATS binary installed which will be called seamlessly by the higher-level packages such as seasonal or gunsales. With this the full power of the what is likely the world’s most sophisticated deseasonalization and forecasting package is now at your fingertips and the R prompt, just like any other of the 14100+ CRAN packages. You can read more about this (and the seasonal package) in the recent Journal of Statistical Software paper by Christoph and myself.

There is almost no change in this release – apart from having to force `StagedInstall: no` following the R 3.6.0 release as the macOS build is otherwise broken now.

Courtesy of CRANberries, there is also a `diffstat` report for this release showing changes to the previous release.


This post by Dirk Eddelbuettel originated on his Thinking inside the box blog. Please report excessive re-aggregation in third-party for-profit settings.




*Related*








---
