---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Job @ Oxford
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/2J_r5LYeXGA/
date:      2019-05-28
author:      R on Gianluca Baio
tags:
    - researchers
    - health
    - development
    - developing economic
    - economics
---





Boby Mihaylova has two exciting posts available at the Health Economics Research Centre at the University of Oxford. In particular, she is looking for two R-minded researchers/analysts to develop work on disease modelling/cost-effectiveness using large individual-patients databases. In fact, I think it’s **really** good that they are explicitly including knowledge of R as part of the job specification — and they even ask R code as part of the application!).

Full details below!

> 
Senior Researcher in Health Economics, Grade 8: £40,792 – £48,677 p.a., Nuffield Department of Population Health, Old Campus Road, Headington, OxfordClosing Date: Monday 10 June 2019 12:00 GMT
Further information, job description and how to apply (follow link)
The Nuffield Department of Population Health contains world renowned population health research groups and provides an excellent environment for multi-disciplinary research and teaching. Based within NDPH, the Health Economics Research Centre (HERC) is a thriving group of health economists, with a varied research programme and a well-established reputation as a centre of excellence in this field.
We are seeking a highly analytically skilled and experienced researcher to contribute to the development of a programme of work in the field of developing economic analyses/models using large randomised controlled trial and observational data in the field of chronic diseases, ensuring best practice is followed in terms of analytic methods, modelling and presentation of results. Development of a programme of work in the field of lipid modification therapy for reducing cardiovascular risk will be the focus of the post.
If no suitable applicant is forthcoming at Grade 8, an appointment at Grade 7 (£32,236 – £39,609 p.a.) with appropriate adjustment of duties may be considered.
To be considered for this post you will have graduate and/or postgraduate qualification (a PhD/DPhil or equivalent experience is essential for Grade 8) in a relevant discipline (e.g. economics, mathematics, statistics, epidemiology or other quantitative discipline) or be close to completing such a degree as well as a proven track record of previous research in a relevant field. You will have strong analytical and data analysis skills (e.g. an experience in developing clinical/ health studies, handling individual patient databases, developing disease models), and an established (inter)national reputation (Grade 8) and publication record. Substantial expertise (Grade 8) and previous experience in using R for data management and analyses is a pre-requisite (please submit 2 A4 pages of executable R code with your application). Excellent interpersonal and communication skills are also essential for this role.
The post is full-time (although part-time considered) and fixed-term for 3 years in the first instance.
Informal enquiries should be addressed to Dr Borislava Mihaylova.



*Related*








---
