---
layout:     post
title:      Boolean algebra, first steps
subtitle:   转载自：http://fa.bianp.net/blog/2009/boolean-algebra-first-steps/
date:       2009-05-15
author:     Fabian Pedregosa
header-img: img/background0.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - boolean
    - sympy
    - override
    - overriding
    - values
---

The first task for my Summer of Code project is to write a nice boolean
algebra module. I wanted a clean module that follows SymPy's object
model and that plays well with other objects. In practice this means
that it should inherit from Basic and that it should behave well with
python's boolean values (True, False) as well as with unknown values
(SymPy's Symbol). To implement boolean expressions, my first thought was
to implement And, Or, Not as subclass of AssocOp, just as Add and Mul.
At the beginning I had some problems with commutativity, since my
expressions are commutative but AssocOp does not have this feature. No
problem, I thought, I'll just override .flatten(). That seemed to work
until I wanted to implement double-negation rule for Not (Not(Not(x))
--> x). Maybe I could have used .flatten() also for that, but that was
ugly. Overriding __new__ was even uglier, so I began to think for an
alternative approach. On the other hand And and Or are functions: B^2
--> B, and Not: B --> B, where B is the boolean space, so it seems
natural to implement them as subclasses of Function. It turned out that
Function is very inheritance-friendly and all you have to do is override
the .eval() method. This is a minimalistic And function:

You can see full source code [here](http://fseoane.net/cgi-bin/gitweb.cgi?p=sympy.git;a=blob;f=sympy/logic/boolalg.py;h=04a499a8dd8074ea41c49daad976c5304b3a880a;hb=5a97f25a2d619eba799490804d95d562c31864c8) Lot's of features are missing, of
course, but it is capable of doing some simplifications and it plays
nicely with Symbol and boolean types.
