---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Engineering is the bottleneck in (Deep Learning) Research
subtitle:      转载自：http://blog.dennybritz.com/2017/01/17/engineering-is-the-bottleneck-in-deep-learning-research/
date:      2017-01-17
img:      2
author:      Denny Britz
tags:
    - code
    - researchers
    - papers
    - time coding
    - variables
---

**Warning: This a rant post containing a bunch of unorganized thoughts.**

When I was in graduate school working on NLP and information extraction I spent most of my time coding up research ideas. That’s what grad students with advisors who don’t like to touch code, which are probably 95% of all advisors, tend to do. When I raised concerns about problems I would often hear the phrase “that’s just an engineering problem; let’s move on”. I later realized that’s code speech for “I don’t think a paper mentioning this would get through the peer review process”. This mindset seems pervasive among people in academia. But as an engineer I can’t help but notice how the lack of engineering practices is holding us back.

I will use the Deep Learning community as an example, because that’s what I’m familiar with, but this probably applies to other communities as well. As a community of researchers we all share a common goal: Move the field forward. Push the state of the art. There are various ways to do this, but the most common one is to publish research papers. The vast majority of published papers are incremental, and I don’t mean this in a degrading fashion. I believe that research is incremental by definition, which is just another way of saying that new work builds upon what other’s have done in the past. And that’s how it should be. To make this concrete, the majority of the papers I come across consist of more than 90% existing work, which includes datasets, preprocessing techniques, evaluation metrics, baseline model architectures, and so on. The authors then typically add a bit novelty and show improvement over well-established baselines.

So far nothing is wrong with this. The problem is not the process itself, but how it is implemented. There are two issues that stand out to me, both of which can be solved with “just engineering.” 1. Waste of research time and 2. Lack of rigor and reproducibility. Let’s look at each of them.

### Waste of research time (difficulty of building on other’s work)

Researchers are highly trained professionals. Many have spent years or decades getting PhDs and becoming experts in their respective fields. It only makes sense that those people should spend the majority of their time doing what they’re good at – innovating by coming up with novel techniques. Just like you wouldn’t want a highly trained surgeon spending several hours a day inputting patient data from paper forms. But that’s pretty much what’s happening.

In an ideal world, a researcher with an idea could easily build on top of what has already been done (the 90% I mention above) and have 10% of work left to do in order to test his or her hypothesis. (I realize there are exceptions to this if you’re doing something truly novel, but the majority of published research falls into this category). In practice, quite the opposite is happening. Researchers spend weeks re-doing data pre- and post-processing and re-implementing and debugging baseline models. This often includes tracking down authors of related papers to figure out what tricks were used to make it work at all. Papers tend to not mention the fine print because that would make the results look less impressive. **In the process of doing this, researchers introduce dozens of confounding variables, which essentially make the comparisons meaningless.** But more on that later.

What I realized is that **the difficulty of building upon other’s work is a major factor in determining what research is being done**. The majority of researchers build on top of their own research, over and over again. Of course, one may argue that this is a result becoming an expert in some very specific subfield, so it only makes sense to continue focusing on similar problems. While no completely untrue, I don’t think that’s what’s happening (especially in Deep Learning, where many subfields are so closely related that knowledge transfers over pretty nicely). I believe the main reason for this is that it’s *easiest*, from an experimental perspective, to build upon one’s own work. It leads to more publications and faster turnaround time. Baselines are already implemented in familiar code, evaluation is setup, related work is written up, and so on. It also leads to less competition – nobody else has access to your experimental setup and can easily compete with you. If it were just as easy to build upon somebody else’s work we would probably see more diversity in published research.

It’s not all bad news though. There certainly are a few trends going into the right direction. Publishing code is becoming more common. Software packages like OpenAI’s gym (and Universe), ensure that at least evaluation and datasets are streamlined. Tensorflow and other Deep Learning frameworks remove a lot of potential confounding variables by implementing low-level primitives. With that being said, we’re still a far cry from where we could be. Just imagine how efficient research could be if we had standardized frameworks, standard repositories of data, well-documented standard code bases and coding styles to build upon, and strict automated evaluation frameworks and entities operating on exactly the same datasets. From an engineering perspective all of these are simple things – but they could have a huge impact.

I think we’re under-appreciating the fact that we’re dealing with pure software. That sounds obvious, but it’s actually a big deal. Setting up tightly controlled experiments in fields like medicine or psychology is almost impossible and involves an extraordinary amount of work. With software it’s essentially free. It’s more unique than most of us realize. But we’re just not doing it. I believe one reason for why these changes (and many others) are not happening is a misalignment of incentives. Truth the told, most researchers care more about their publications, citations, and tenure tracks than about actually driving the field forward. They are happy with a status quo that favors them.

### Lack of rigor

The second problem is closely related to the first. I hinted at it above. It’s a lack of rigor and reproducibility. In an ideal world, a researcher could hold constant all irrelevant variables, implement a new technique, and then show some improvement over a range of baselines within some margin of significance. Sounds obvious? Well, if you happen to read a lot Deep Learning papers this sounds like it’s coming straight from a sci-fi movie.

In practice, as everyone re-implements techniques using different frameworks and pipelines, **comparisons become meaningless**. In almost every Deep Learning model implementation there exist a huge number “hidden variables” that can affect results. These include non-obvious model hyperparameters baked into the code, data shuffle seeds, variable initializers, and other things that are typically not mentioned in papers, but clearly affect final measurements. As you re-implement your LSTM, use a different framework, pre-process your own data, and write thousands of lines of code, how many confounding variables will you have created? My guess is that it’s in the hundreds to thousands. If you then show a 0.5% marginal improvement over some baseline models (with numbers usually taken from past papers and not even averaged across multiple runs) how can you ever prove causality? How do you know it’s not a result of some combination of confounding variables?

Personally, I do not trust paper results at all. I tend to read papers for inspiration – I look at the ideas, not at the results. This isn’t how it should be. What if all researchers published code? Wouldn’t that solve the problem? Actually, no. Putting your 10,000 lines of undocumented code on Github and saying “here, run this command to reproduce my number” is not the same as producing code that people will read, understand, verify, and build upon. It’s like Shinichi Mochizuki’s proof of the ABC Conjecture, producing something that nobody except you understands.

Again, “just engineering” has the potential to solve this. The solution is pretty much equivalent to problem #1 (standard code, datasets, evaluation entities, etc), but so are the problems. In fact, it may not even be in the best interest of researchers to publish readable code. What if people found bugs in it and you need to retract your paper? Publishing code is risky, without a clear upside other than PR for whatever entity you work for.

/ END OF RANT
