---
layout:     post
title:      Software patents are evil, but BSD+Patents is probably not the solution
subtitle:   转载自：http://wesmckinney.com/blog/react-bsd-patents/
date:       2017-09-05
author:     Wes McKinney
header-img: img/background1.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - patented
    - patents
    - licenses
    - licensed
    - licensing
---





** Tue 05 September 2017

 

**TL;DR**: I discuss my perspective in the recent BSD+Patents episode with
 Facebook Open Source.

*Disclaimer: I am not a lawyer*

Many open source software (OSS) projects led by industry giants use the Apache
License 2.0 (henceforth the ASL2.0), compared with the MIT or BSD licenses
which also enjoy popularity amongst many other OSS projects. This is the
license used by projects in the [Apache Software Foundation](http://www.apache.org/.), but you can
use the license without being part of the ASF. [TensorFlow](http://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow) and many other
important non-ASF projects use this license.

The ASL2.0 has appeal for enterprises for a few reasons. One obvious reason is
being a redistribution-friendly, permissive license (like MIT / BSD), so you
can include such code in closed source products that you sell. Another reason
is that it makes *patent grant rights* explicit. In other words, the license
grants users unrestricted use of any patented IP in the codebase in
perpetuity. This patent grant applies transitively to any projects that use or
redistribute the project in question.

Having code that is both permissively licensed and patented might seem a bit
strange. Some companies may seek patents for IP created in OSS projects to try
to protect themselves in future IP litigation . They have no intent of selling
or profiting from the patents, but they want the IP distributed in their OSS
projects to stay free and commercial friendly.

This is where the ASL2.0's patent grant is so important; it protects **both**
the OSS authors' and users' redistribution rights. Without this, a patent troll
could start a lawsuit and potentially force code in an established OSS project
to be removed, which would wreak all kinds of havoc on developers and users
alike.

In my opinion, software patents are evil because they stifle innovation
achieved through incrementalism, and software engineering consists of a lot of
this.

Here's the rub. Facebook has licensed some of its popular OSS projects under a
license which is almost like the ASL2.0, except that the language around patent
grants is different. I present an abbreviated version of the legalese:

> 
The [patent] license granted ... will terminate ... if you ... initiate
directly or indirectly, or take a direct financial interest in, any Patent
Assertion: (i) against Facebook ... (ii) against any party if such Patent
Assertion arises ... from any software... of Facebook ... or (iii) against any
party relating to the Software.


TL;DR: You can use Facebook's OSS patents as long as you never sue Facebook
for patent infringement. In the ASL2.0 there are no such restrictions.

The Apache Software Foundation's legal folks took issue with this provision, as
(and this is only my understanding of things) it creates an "IP overhang" in
any projects that transitively depend on a Facebook BSD+Patents project, like
React or RocksDB. It's a form of software non-freedom that makes this license
onerous for commercial projects.

Software patents are evil, don't get me wrong. But the Facebook patent
termination clause is a nuclear option to fight back against patent
trolls. Presumably Facebook has already faced a number of frivolous patent
infringement lawsuits over the years, and that may be motivating their stance
on this.

Facebook has changed the RocksDB license to ASL2.0 in reaction to public
outcry, but the React license remains unchanged, which is causing problems for
ASF projects which have React-based user interfaces at various stages of
development.

You can see [this blog post](https://medium.com/@raulk/if-youre-a-startup-you-should-not-use-react-reflecting-on-the-bsd-patents-license-b049d4a67dd2) for a lengthier discussion of the licensing
saga from the perspective of one Apache contributor.

On August 18, one of Facebook's engineering directors wrote directly about the
issue:

> 
We believe that if this license [BSD+Patents] were widely adopted, it could
 actually reduce meritless litigation for all adopters, and we want to work
 with others to explore this possibility.


People seem to be of two minds about the situation:


Facebook's open source lawyers are being nitwits by using a non-standard
 license, when Google and most other companies in the world have been doing
 fine under the protections of the Apache License 2.0.


The Apache Software Foundation is creating unnecessary complication for open
 source developers, for 99% or more of whom these IP concerns will never be a
 realistic issue.


The situation is justifiably annoying for everyone involved. Accepting
BSD+Patents projects as a hard dependency into ASF projects is a slippery
slope, and may lead to more projects adopting this license, which I don't think
would be good. It has a viral quality similar to copyleft licenses like the
GPL.

**The real enemy is software patents.** I feel Facebook's stance on this is
ideological, and it seems unjust to make OSS developers pay the price for
software patents' continued legality in the United States. BSD+Patents may stop
certain kinds of patent trolls, but the only real solution is to bring about an
end to software patents altogether.

Bottom line is that I agree with the ASF's stance on the BSD+Patents issue, and
I hope that React will change its license. Further, I hope that Facebook and
other highly profitable multinational companies pool their resources to lobby
for an end to software patents.
