---
layout:     post
title:      A few things I&#39;ve learned about computer networking
subtitle:   转载自：https://jvns.ca/blog/2018/03/05/things-ive-learned-networking/
date:       2018-07-19
author:     未知
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - https
    - networking
    - dns
    - blog
    - packets
    - learned
    - learning
    - tcp
    - connection
    - connected
    - ssl
    - issues
    - issued
    - http request looks
    - tuned
    - ago
    - internet
    - coworkers
    - ngrep
    - tls
    - debugging
    - headers
    - requests
    - domain
    - container
    - basic understanding
    - basics
    - basically
    - command
    - stack
    - addressed
    - socket
---

Somebody asked a few months ago “hey, what’s the best way to understand computer networking?”. I
don’t really know how to answer this question – I’ve learned a lot of the things I know at work,
and I think picking up new things when I need them has been fine.

But I thought it could maybe be useful to list a bunch of concrete skills and concepts I’ve learned
along the way. Like anything else, “computer networking” involves a large number of different
concepts and skills and tools and I’ve learned them all one at a time. I picked most of these
things up over the last 4 years.

- How to set up an Apache web server by copying and pasting things from the internet. (pre-2010)

What a http request looks like (GET, POST, etc). How to use curl to send GET and POST requests.
(2010?)
- How to send a http request by hand with netcat (2013)

how to do [ARP spoofing](https://jvns.ca/blog/2013/10/29/day-18-in-ur-connection) (and what ARP
is)
- What a MAC address is and how packets are addressed to a MAC address on a local network

- How [traceroute works](https://jvns.ca/blog/2013/10/31/day-20-scapy-and-traceroute) (which involves learning the basics of how the the IP protocol works and what a TTL is)

- What a network packet is, how to look at a networking packet with Wireshark

The basics of how TCP works (for example by looking at an http request with wireshark, and by
[building a tcp stack in Python](https://jvns.ca/blog/2014/08/12/what-happens-if-you-write-a-tcp-stack-in-python)). Key things: what’s a SYN packet?
how DNS works (like, what’s an A record, what’s a CNAME record, what does a DNS query look like –
wireshark is good here too).
- More HTTP (like cache headers and how they interact with CDNs). More [about what CDNs are for](https://jvns.ca/blog/2016/04/29/cdns-arent-just-for-caching)

- MTU exists and can cause networking issues

- Having badly tuned TCP connection settings (like TCP_NODELAY) can cause noticeable networking performanace issues ([why you should understand (a little) about TCP](https://jvns.ca/blog/2015/11/21/why-you-should-understand-a-little-about-tcp)) (2015)

- HTTP security headers like CORS

- What [“SNI” means](https://jvns.ca/blog/2016/07/14/whats-sni)

- how to use tcpdump to debug firewall issues (2016)

how to capture packets with `tcpdump` in somewhat weird ways (for instance “only this very
specific kind of DNS response”)
- “can reliably use tcpdump without reading the man page”

SSL/TLS: what’s a SSL cert? how do I get one issued? how is a SSL cert put together? (tools:
`openssl x509`). [here’s a blog post about TLS](https://jvns.ca/blog/2017/01/31/whats-tls)
- more advanced HTTP+SSL stuff, like the [Strict-Transport-Security header](https://jvns.ca/blog/2017/04/30/using-strict-transport-security)

- very basic understanding of what BGP is and how packets get routed on the internet

- slightly more advanced DNS (what’s an authoritative dns server, what’s a recursive dns server)

- a vague understanding of [how the linux networking stack handles packets](https://blog.packagecloud.io/eng/2016/06/22/monitoring-tuning-linux-networking-stack-receiving-data), like – do packets get sent to tcpdump before or after routing? (after!)

- how to [slow down my internet on purpose with tc](https://jvns.ca/blog/2017/04/01/slow-down-your-internet-with-tc)

- how to set up NAT rules with iptables

- how to inspect a route table with iproute2

- container/docker networking (network namespaces, route tables) (2017)


### tools I’ve found useful

Per [this tweet](https://twitter.com/b0rk/status/851652231862595584):

- ping (are these computer connected??)

- whois (is this domain registered)

- ssh

- curl (for making HTTP requests)

- tcpdump (record packets! check for traffic on a port!)

- dig/nslookup (debugging DNS issues)

- netstat/ss (is that port being used?)

- ifconfig (what’s my IP address?)

- iproute2 (that is, the `ip` command. replacement for ifconfig. very useful.)

- wireshark (look at packets with a GUI)

- ngrep (grep for your network)

- iptables

- socat (connect a unix domain socket to a tcp socket)

- `nsenter` for debugging container networking problems


### learning takes a lot of time

I spend a fair amount of time trying to learn new computer things. I’ve found it really useful to
take it one step at a time – my learning process with a lot of this stuff is basically

identify something small I don’t know (how to, from the command line, check the expiration date on
[https://google.com's](https://google.com's/.) TLS certificate)
- figure it out (sometimes with help from my great coworkers)

- repeat


That’s all! It’s really fun to see how learning a bunch of tiny things adds up over time. Like today
I feel like I can handle most things about computer networking that I run into in my job, and I
don’t feel like there are that many Big New Ideas about networking I don’t know about. (though,
well, wifi is still a mystery to me :) )
