---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Conda： Myths and Misconceptions
subtitle:      转载自：http://jakevdp.github.io/blog/2016/08/25/conda-myths-and-misconceptions/
date:      2016-08-25
img:      0
author:      Jake VanderPlas
tags:
    - conda
    - pip
    - dependency
    - dependencies
    - installs python packages
---

### Myth #10: Everybody should abandon (conda | pip) and use (pip | conda) instead!¶

**Reality: pip and conda serve different needs, and we should be focused less on how they compete and more on how they work together.**

As mentioned in Myth #2, Conda and pip are different projects with different intended audiences: pip installs *python* packages within *any* environment; conda installs *any* package within *conda* environments. Given the lofty ideals raised in the *Zen of Python*, one might hope that pip and conda could somehow be combined, so that there would be one and only one obvious way of installing packages.

But this will never happen. The goals of the two projects are just too different. Unless the pip project is broadly re-scoped, it will *never* be able to meaningfully install and track all the non-Python packages that conda does: the architecture is Python-specific and (rightly) Python-focused. Pip, along with PyPI, aims to be a flexible publication & distribution platform and manager for Python packages, and it does phenomenally well at that.

Likewise, unless the conda package is broadly re-scoped, it will *never* make sense for it to replace pip/PyPI as a general publishing & distribution platform for Python code.
At its very core, conda concerns itself with the type of detailed dependency tracking that is required for robustly running a complex multi-language software stack across multiple platforms.
Every installation artifact in conda's repositories is tied to an *exact* dependency chain: by design, it wouldn't allow you to, say, substitute Jython for Python in a given package.
You could certainly use conda to build a Jython software stack, but each package would require a new Jython-specific installation artifact – that is what is required to maintain the strict dependency chain that conda users rely on. Pip is much more flexible here, but once cost of that is its inability to precisely define and resolve dependencies as conda does.

Finally, the focus on pip vs. conda entirely misses the broad swath of purpose-designed redistributors of Python code. From platform-specific package managers like apt, yum, macports, and homebrew, to cross-platform tools like bento, buildout, hashdist, and spack, there are a wide range of specific packaging solutions aimed at installing Python (and other) packages for particular users.
It would be more fruitful for us to view these, as the Python Packaging Authority does, not as competitors to pip/PyPI, but as downstream tools that can take advantage of the heroic efforts of all those who have developed and maintained pip, PyPI, and associated toolchain.
