---
layout:     post
title:      Machine Learning for Intelligent Image and Video Processing (ICCV 2015 Workshop)
subtitle:   转载自：http://www.nowozin.net/sebastian/blog/machine-learning-for-intelligent-image-and-video-processing-iccv-2015-workshop.html
date:       2015-09-02
author:     Sebastian Nowozin
header-img: img/background0.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - processing
    - image
    - imaging
    - iccv
    - papers
---

[Michael Hirsch](http://ei.is.tuebingen.mpg.de/person/mhirsch) and myself are
organizing a workshop on the topic of machine learning for image and video
processing
as part of the [ICCV 2015 programme](http://pamitc.org/iccv15).

The workshop takes place on the 17th December 2015 in Santiago, Chile, right
after the main ICCV conference.

Image processing methods are highly relevant in a large variety of
industrial and consumer applications. Traditionally some of the
successful methods have been derived based on a careful consideration
of the particular imaging modality and task, or on an adhoc basis by
image processing practitioners. More recently statistical machine
learning models have been proposed for tasks such as denoising,
deblurring, inpainting, etc., often leading to significant gains in
image quality. Machine learning methods require training data to learn
about the image statistics and the task, and challenges arise in how
this data should be collected and how ground truth is obtained.

The goal of this workshop is to bring together researchers from the
image processing and machine learning community to discuss all issues
related to machine learning models for image processing applications.

We invite submission of papers on relevant topics including, but not
limited to the following areas:

- Statistical modelling of image processing tasks

- Runtime and data efficiency

- Tractable estimation

- Deep learning for image processing applications

- Procedures to obtain ground truth data sets


In all aspects the ICCV community has been at the forefront of developing
new ideas and we hope to continue this development through this workshop.

### Keynote Speakers

Join us for an exciting program including invited talks by:

### Important Dates

- Submission deadline: Friday, September 25th, 2015

- Author Notification: Friday, October 16th, 2015

- Final version of submission: Friday, October 23rd, 2015


### Submission Instructions

- Papers should be in ICCV style

- Maximum paper length is 6 pages

- Papers will be reviewed in a double blind process

Accepted papers are not published as part of IEEE Proceedings but
 inofficially on the workshop website

Accepted papers will be presented at the poster session with an
additional poster spotlight presentation. One author of every accepted
paper has to attend the workshop to present poster and spotlight talk.

### Organizers

- Sebastian Nowozin, Microsoft Research, Cambridge, UK

- Michael Hirsch, Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems, Germany


Please find further details at the workshop
website or send me an email in
case you have any questions.
