---
layout:     post
title:      Simple Genetic Algorithm in Python --Addendum
subtitle:   转载自：http://outlace.com/miniga_addendum.html
date:       2015-09-12
author:     Brandon Brown
header-img: img/background2.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - mutations
    - rates
    - algorithms
    - process
    - generations
---

This is a particularly interesting run (I ran it with these parameters about 8 times). It only correctly converged once (but didn't achieve the really low error rate we got in the beginning with 1% mut rate and mating enabled). The error vs. num generations graph looked quite different each time I ran it but I'm displaying this one because I think it illustrates nicely what happens when there's no mating.

At first we get a sharp drop in error; it's simply selecting for the best solutions in our first generation. Then it flattens out for awhile because we're having a really hard time improving on those initial decent solutions without mating, but eventually, due to a lucky mutation round, we get another sharp decline in error and then it flattens out again. But it's still not good enough to globally converge and solve the problem.

Clearly, the mating process is more important than the mutation process.

#### Closing words...[¶](http://outlace.com/miniga_addendum.html#Closing-words...)

I hope that quells any concerns about the genetic algorithm not actually doing it's evolutionary due diligence. It's also just interesting to experiment with the parameters to see how it affects the performance of the algorithm.

This is a simple genetic algorithm implementation. Natural organisms have evolved much more sophisticated ways of controlling their own evolution. "In general, the mutation rate in unicellular eukaryotes and bacteria is roughly 0.003 mutations per genome per cell generation" - [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mutation_rate). This much lower than our 1% mutation rate, but our solution space is also much, much smaller.

Interestingly, however, different genes in the same organism can experience different rates of mutation. In fact, some organisms *intentionally* subject particular genes to higher rates of mutation (for example, the human immune system involves hypermutating the genes of antibodies to produce higher affinity versions; a sort of evolutionary process in the cells of our own bodies that evolved from an evolutionary process). It would be a fun experiment to try to emulate this behavior in a GA by allowing a separate mutation rate for each 'gene' (element in a vector, in our case) and subjecting those mutation rates themselves to an evolutionary process. It's very unlikely this would help the GA for a simple feedforward neural network (and the overhead to implement it wouldn't be worth it) but could be useful with more complex problems.

As a former neuroscience researcher and current medical student, I'm quite fascinated by "bio-similar" algorithms like GAs and neural networks, so combining those two here has just filled me with nerd joy.

Cheers
