---
layout:     post
title:      History of Monte Carlo Methods - Part 2
subtitle:   转载自：http://www.nowozin.net/sebastian/blog/history-of-monte-carlo-methods-part-2.html
date:       2015-10-30
author:     Sebastian Nowozin
header-img: img/background2.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - sampling
    - samples
    - chains
    - weights
    - weighted
---

This is the second part of a three part post.
The [last part](http://www.nowozin.net/sebastian/blog/history-of-monte-carlo-methods-part-1.html) covered the early history of Monte
Carlo and the rejection sampling method.

In this part we are going to look at importance sampling and sequential Monte
Carlo.

The video file is also available for offline viewing as
[MP4/H.264](http://www.nowozin.net/sebastian/videos/MonteCarlo-Part2.mp4) (66MB),
[WebM/VP8](http://www.nowozin.net/sebastian/videos/MonteCarlo-Part2.vp8.webm) (64MB), and
[WebM/VP9](http://www.nowozin.net/sebastian/videos/MonteCarlo-Part2.vp9.webm) (44MB) file.


To view this video please enable JavaScript, and
consider upgrading to a web browser that
[supports HTML5 video](http://videojs.com/html5-video-support)



(Click on the slide to advance, or use the previous/next buttons.)

(This is a slightly edited and link-annotated transcript of the audio in the
above video. As this is spoken text, it is not as polished as my writing.)

**Speaker**: Okay, so rejection sampling works only for short chain lengths.
And then, in light of this finding the next method, sequential importance
sampling, was introduced independently by two groups.
[John Michael Hammersley](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Hammersley),
who actually did his PhD here in Cambridge and then moved to Oxford to become
professor, and by Marshall
Rosenbluth and his wife
Arianna Rosenbluth. They did it independently. They called it different by
different names. I think Hammersley called it *inversely restricted sampling*
and the Rosenbluth called it *biased sampling* and both these names did not
really stick. So now, nowadays it is called *sequential importance sampling*.
In different communities, it is also called the *growth method* or the
*Rosenbluth method*.

How does this method work? It is based on the idea that was suggested by the
audience just before (in the first part). Remember when we are growing these
chains step by step and we make the step and we would have to reject the
sample? Well, we could just prevent making that step, all right. We could just
say, "Look, there are two possibilities but you would not reject that sample.
So why not just take one of these?"

Of course the method is not fail-safe. So if we, in such a situation, no
matter what we do if we keep growing we will still run into trouble.
Right, so the method is still myopic. We still only make one inference at a
time. But the real problem with this method is that we no longer sample
uniformly from the set that interest us. In fact, we favor more compact
configurations and what Hammersley, and Morton, and the Rosenbluth's realized
is a method to systematically compensate for that bias. 

So let me first talk about how this in general is done and then how it is done
in our specific example. So in general, we have this expectation expression
that we want to approximate. And what they said is, well, we assign one weight
to each sample and if the weight would be one that would be the original
expectation. But we assign a weight to the sample and we choose the weight in
such a way that we compensate for that bias, that we favor some
configurations. So whenever we favor these configurations, we down-weight
them, and whenever some configurations is rare but we generate them, we
up-weight them.

In practice, we would generate a few samples and if every sample would have a
weight, in this particular instance how it works is, well we just count the
number of possibilities we have in each step. So we basically decompose a
sampling distribution. So in the first step we have four possibilities, four
points free adjacent to it and the next one we have only three available. And
so we just unroll basically our decisions. Here we only have two available,
two choices available, all right? So because we grow the chain sequentially,
the probability of generating that particular configuration also decomposes
sequentially. So the final chain would have this probability of being
generated. And what they simply do is say, "Okay, this is the distribution by
which we generate the sample, but we want to generate it at uniformly at
random so we also decompose the weight and just build the weight as a
inverse". So when we weight these samples by weights we will systematically
de-bias the sampling distribution, so we will get unbiased estimates of the
expectation that we are interested in.

Let us take a look at where we were with the rejection sampler. So this is a
limit, what we could do with a rejection sampler. Now, with the growth method,
we can go to significantly longer chain length, to a chain length of 60 and
then again, the uncertainty estimates the confidence intervals blow up. So why
is this? I mean why do we say uncertainty intervals blow up in this improved
method? Well the thing is, the weights that we compute, they become very
unbalanced. And even though we generate maybe a few thousand samples, only few
of them will have significant share of the weights.

So here is a visualization of that. So here, I grow 50 chains in parallel, one
step at a time, and I show you in each step the normalized weights. So in the
beginning, everything is uniform because in the beginning, everything has
equal number of possibilities. But over time, as I grow more and more, as
append more elements, the weights become very unbalanced so that after 100
steps, actually five elements have weights significantly different from zero.
And this means we actually do not have 50 samples on this case, we only have
five, and our estimates become very poor. And this only amplifies when you
have a few thousands ones. One way to measure the quality of the samples we
have generated is to ask, "Okay, I have generated, say 5,000 samples with
weights. How much are these worth in terms of computing expectations, in terms
of unweighted samples?"

Because unweighted samples are optimal there is a quality measure that you can
compute that is an estimated quantity and it is called effective sample
size,
which exactly measures the worthiness of a weighted sample set. And for this
plot I have shown you now with 5,000 samples, you see that it drops and drops
and drops until it is almost close to one. So that is a real problem.

You guessed the next step would be another improved Monte Carlo method and
indeed it improves on that, and it is generally known as
[*Sequential Monte Carlo Method*](http://www.stats.ox.ac.uk/~doucet/doucet_defreitas_gordon_smcbookintro.pdf).
The idea is quite simple and natural and it has been reinvented
many times in different communities. So the original
paper
is from 1959 but has been reinvented in the signal processing community as
[particle filter](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Particle_filter), it
has been reused and pioneered in computer vision by our Andrew Blake for
tracking objects and their contours. And it is used across many different
communities often under very different names. But generally, Sequential Monte
Carlo is the preferred name. And the basic idea here is quite simple. The
problem is unbalanced weights. We have to prevent getting unbalanced weights
in each step. So how we are going to do this is by introducing a process which
removes samples that have low weight and duplicate samples that have high
weight. That is called re-sampling.

So say, in one certain timestamp, we grow all the chains in parallel, we grow
say 50 chains in parallel. On this example, it is only six chains in parallel.
And we have observed that the weights are unbalanced. Then remove some of the
low weight instances and we duplicate some of the high weight instances as
shown here. The algorithm that corresponds to that is the same as before just
weighted sequential importance sampling but we grow all the samples in
parallel and monitor the weights. And if the weights are in trouble, if the
weights become unbalanced, we enforce balanced weights again, by removing low
weight samples and duplicating other.

**Attendee**: Question.

**Speaker**: Yes.

**Attendee**: In your little white chain example, the weights are going to be
high when at every step you can take three choices, right? Like three times
three times three. And that is going to get bigger. The long ones do not go
near each other. So this is going to bias in favor of things that just sort of
go off into the distance, all of them curly wurly things, is that right?

**Speaker**: Right, exactly, because the sampling distribution biases towards
compact configurations the weights have to undo that bias by favoring the
configurations that walk off and are no longer compact.

**Attendee**: But isn't that bad because then essentially we'll you dominated by
all the ones that go off into the distance and we won't get any curly wurly
ones.

**Speaker**: It would be bad but remember that the sampling distribution that
I had above the weight, the sampling distribution exactly has that opposing
bias. So we generate from that distribution and we want the weights to
compensate for that bias. So the extra samples that we get are more compact
than they should be. And that is why we have to downweight these to get a low
weight, right? And we have to upweight these samples that are not compact but
that go out into basically long chains.

**Attendee**: I did not get that, sorry. But never mind. I believe you.

**Speaker**: Okay. So if you do that re-sampling operation to compensate for
the unbalanced weight effect, and I plot again the effective sample size and
whenever we see that the effective sample size, in this case drops below
2,500, I perform this re-sampling operation and reset the weights to uniform
and I enforce this effective sample size to become 5,000 again. You see that
basically, I can control how unbalanced the weights become. Here is another
visualization in terms of the same plot that I had before and now with the red
arrows are indicated whenever I reset the weights to uniform, I perform his
re-sampling operation so I always can ensure that my weights are close to the
uniform distribution.

So let us compare that again. This was a plot without re-sampling. You will
see that the uncertainty estimates indicate that our estimates are very
unreliable. And this is basically with re-sampling. The whole family of
Sequential Monte Carlo approaches are really state of the art methods. This
scales to almost no limits, so people have used generate chains with over a
million bonds. It is state of the art for any kind of probabilistic model
where you can sequentially decompose the model. For example, time series
models, hidden Markov models, state space models, dynamic Bayesian networks,
all these kind of models, these methods are applicable and highly efficient.
