---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      History of Monte Carlo Methods - Part 1
subtitle:      转载自：http://www.nowozin.net/sebastian/blog/history-of-monte-carlo-methods-part-1.html
date:      2015-10-16
img:      2
author:      Sebastian Nowozin
tags:
    - randomly
    - monte
    - sampling
    - samples
    - called
---

Some time ago in June 2013 I gave a *lab tutorial* on Monte Carlo methods at
Microsoft Research. These tutorials are seminar-talk length (45 minutes) but
are supposed to be light, accessible to a general computer science audience,
and fun.

In this tutorial I explain and illustrate a number of Monte Carlo methods
(rejection sampling, importance sampling, sequential Monte Carlo, Markov chain
Monte Carlo, and simulated annealing) on the same problem.
Although I am not exactly a comedian, in order to keep the tutorial fun I
peppered the talk with lots of historical anecdotes from the inventors of the
methods.

This is the first of three parts.

The first part (17 minutes) covers the history of modern Monte Carlo methods,
their use in scientific computation, and one of the most basic Monte Carlo
methods, *rejection sampling*.

The video file is also available for offline viewing as
MP4/H.264 (109MB),
WebM/VP8 (106MB), and
WebM/VP9 (74MB) file.


To view this video please enable JavaScript, and
consider upgrading to a web browser that
supports HTML5 video



(Click on the slide to advance, or use the previous/next buttons.)

(This is a slightly edited and link-annotated transcript of the audio in the
above video. As this is spoken text, it is not as polished as my writing.)

**Speaker**: Thank you all for coming to this lab tutorial. I know many of you
have used Monte Carlo techniques in your research or in your projects. And
still I decide to keep the level of this tutorial very basic and I try to show
you a few different Monte Carlo methods and how they may be useful in your
research. I hope that after the talk you basically understand how these
methods can be applied and what different limitations the different methods
have. And I will introduce these different methods in chronological order and
also say a little about the interesting history, how these methods have been
invented.

But before I get to that, I first want to ask you, do you like to play
solitaire? I certainly do sometimes play solitaire and when you play a couple
of games, you realize that some games are actually not solvable. So some games
are just, no matter what you try, no matter what you do, they are just
provably not solvable. And so if you shuffle a random deck of 52 cards and put
it out as a solitaire deck, it's a valid question to ask is what probability
do you get a solvable game? That's the question. And it's precisely this
question, precisely this question for the game of Canfield
Solitaire that has
led to the invention of the modern Monte Carlo methods.

One way to attack this problem would be instead of trying analytic or
mathematical approaches, basically having to take into account all the rules
of the game, is to just take a random set of cards, play a hundred times after
randomly shuffling the cards and just looking at how many times you come up
with a solvable game. And that would give you a ballpark estimate on the
probability. And that's precisely what this man, Stanislaw
Ulam, has
recognized, that this is possible.

I want to say a few words about Stanislaw Ulam because he's so crucial to the
invention of Monte Carlo methods. So he was born in today's Ukraine in a town
called Lviv (formerly Lemberg,
in Austria-Hungary). And he was enjoying a very good education. His family had
a good background. And he very early discovered in his life that he likes to
do mathematics. He was part of the Lviv School of
Mathematics
who has done many contribution to the more abstract mathematics, vector
spaces. So he's known for some of the mathematical results. But then he had to
flee to the United States in the 1930s and there became professor in
Mathematics and was recruited to Los
Alamos to do
research on the Hydrogen bomb. Not the first nuclear weapon but on the second
Hydrogen bomb design.

During that time in 1946, working at Los Alamos, he had a breakdown. For
couple of days he had a headache and he had a breakdown and was delivered to a
hospital. The doctors performed an emergency
surgery, removed part of his
skull, because it turned out he had a brain infection, the brain has swollen
and he would have died if the doctors didn't perform his operation. And the
doctors told him "You have to recover, you have to stay at home for half a
year and don't do any mathematics."

He was obsessed with Mathematics for his whole life. So instead of doing
mathematics, he tried to pass the time playing Canfield Solitaire. And while
playing Canfield Solitaire he asked the question, "Okay, what's probability to
solve this
game?"
and with his quite broad knowledge of Mathematics he tried a few different
analytic attempts to come up with the answer to that question. But ultimately
he realized that it is much easier to get an estimate by just playing games
randomly.

And at that time he was already doing research in Los Alamos. He recognized
that this has applications as well for studying different scientific problems
such as Neutron Transport,
which is essential to understand when designing nuclear weapons. So he is also
the inventor of the first working Hydrogen bomb
design
together with Edward Teller.
And the inventor of the Monte Carlo method, published a few years
later in
1949. And also he's known for having performed probably the most laborious
manual computation ever undertaken (with Cornelius Everett) to disprove Edward
Teller's earlier nuclear weapon design, to show that it is not possible. So
very interesting history. I will talk a little bit later about him some more.

So nowadays, Monte Carlo methods, and with Monte Carlo methods, really, I
mean, any method where you perform some random experiment, which is typically
quite simple, and you aggregate this results into some inferences about a more
complex system. Today, Monte Carlo methods are very popular in simulating
complex systems. For example, models of physical or biological or chemical
processes, for example, weather forecasting, and of course, nuclear weapon
design.
But also just last week, it was used to simulate the HI Virus
capsid.
A simulation of 64 million atoms, a major breakthrough in understanding the HI
Virus. So it has huge applications in scientific simulations, it also has
applications in doing inference in probabilistic models. The most famous
system there would be the BUGS
system also developed here in
Cambridge at the University, initially developed in the early '90s.
Infer.NET
also supports Monte Carlo inference and here at MSRC also the Filzbach
system
does. Also there's a quite popular system now, from the University of
Columbia, called STAN. It's actually named STAN because
of Stanislaw Ulam.

Monte Carlo methods can also be used for optimization. So not just for
simulating but also for optimizing a cost function. We will see an example
later, but typically it is often used where very complicated systems are
optimized. So something like the circuit layout that has many interdependent
constraints. And it is also used for planning, for games, and for robotics,
where it is essential to approximate intractable quantities, to perform
planning under uncertainty or where measurement noise makes it essential to
represent uncertainty in a representative way. So these are many, many
different applications, too many to really list. I want to pick out one
application for the rest of the talk and illustrate this application with
different Monte Carlo methods.

And that application is protein
folding. So protein folding
happens right now in your body, in every cell of your body. In every cell you
have a structure called the Ribosome and that's basically the factory in your
cell. It transforms information, encoded in the DNA into one linear long
structure, the protein. And that structure is such a long chain that folds
itself into very intricate three dimensional structures. Very beautiful
structures arise, and it is really the three-dimensional shape that this long
chain folds into that determines the functional properties. It is really
essential to understand in order to make predictions about what these
molecules do. This can take anywhere between a few milliseconds and a few
hours. And I think the state of the art on a modern machine is to be able to
simulate accurately something like 60 nanoseconds per computer day. So we are
nowhere in reach of being able to accurately fold these structures. But there
is the Stanford Folding@home project which
uses Monte Carlo methods. And I think right now, they have something like a
hundred fifty thousand computers working right now on the problem of protein
folding. So it is quite essential to understand a couple of different
diseases.

We are not going to solve protein folding in this talk but I am going to use a
slightly more simplified model. One thing to simplify is you still have a
chain. But you say, "Okay, first the chain does not live in three dimensions,
it only lives on the plane." And we do not have many different amino acids, we
only have two: the black ones and the white ones. And the white ones repel
water, the white ones like water and the black ones repel water and so they
fold into something that has a black core and a white surrounding. In fact, I
am going to make it even simpler. I say, "Okay, it lives on the plane but it
lives on the grid". So it is a further simplification. And now for the next
few slides, I even simplify this one step further: we only have the white
bonds. 

So that is a so-called 2D lattice self-avoiding random walk model. So you have
a certain length. Say 48 bonds, 48 elements, and you have a self-avoiding
walk, so this walk is not allowed to cross onto itself. And this is a very
simplified model but already some questions which are interesting become very
hard or actually intractable. For example, if I fix a number of elements in
this walk, one question is, how many self-avoiding walks are there on the
plane? Another question is, okay the number is finite, while there are many
but finitely many possible combinations, how do I uniformly generate such
random walk? And the third question would be, okay, I am interested in some
average properties, for example, the average end-point distance between the
two ends, how do I compute an approximation to that average quantity?

These are really typical problems that can be addressed with Monte Carlo
methods:
- *average quantities*,
- *counting problems*,
- *random sampling problems*.
So that's what's going to be with us in the next few slides.

The first method is a very simple one. It's called rejection
sampling and the idea is
really very simple to explain. While we have this complicated set, the set of
all self-avoiding random walks of a certain lengths and we want to generate
one element uniformly at random from the set. This is hard. So what we do is
we instead consider a super set, the set of all random walks of a certain
lengths, and this is allowed to cross onto each other. And it is very easy to
simulate from that set. So we just simulate from this orange set, from this
larger set, and whenever we end up outside the blue set we discard that
sample. And whenever we are inside the blue sample set, then we keep the
sample. And because we uniformly generate samples, we can just keep doing this
and collect whenever we reach an element in the blue set.

In practice this would work as follows: we start and we just keep appending in
a randomly chosen direction, one out of three say, and if we happen to cross
on ourselves we can already discard that sample and start over. And we would
keep all the sample set that we can grow to the full lengths we want and we
keep them and we maybe collect a thousand of them. And compute whatever
property we want from that sample set.

**Attendee 1**: May I ask a question?

**Speaker**: Yes, sure.

**Attendee 1**: What happens when instead you say, "Oh Dear, I shouldn't have
gone down, I should have gone-in in a different direction." Did you just get a
biased sample or something?

**Speaker**: You are anticipating the future. We are still in 1949.

**Attendee 1**: But I thought this was the-- you said, right to begin with,
generating the ones that don't cross themselves is hard. 

**Speaker**: Yes and it would still be hard-- just bear with me for a few
slides, this is actually where it's leading to.

**Attendee 1**: Okay.

**Speaker**: But this is a simple method. And we can, once we have generated the
set of samples, we can compute average properties. For example, this squared
extension there where you compute the distance in the plane between the two
end points, that is a model problem that people considered. And more
generally, what we would like to do is to compute expectations. So we have a
distribution \(\pi\) of \(X\) over some state \(X\) and we would like to evaluate some
quantity \(\phi\) of \(X\). For example, this distance between the two endpoints
of a certain state and we want to compute some sum and the sum contains
exponentially many terms in this case. We want to compute the sum as an
expectation and average quantity. And the Monte Carlo idea is to simply
replace it, approximate that huge sum with exponentially many terms with
something that has only say a thousand or 10,000 terms which is the samples we
generated.

When we do that, when we actually do this rejection sampling here as a
function of the chain lengths. I do that and I generate here 10 million
samples, 10 million times I try and I keep all the samples at length that
helped me to be self-avoiding. Then I can plot this average distance and
because it is an average of many terms I know that the central limit theorem
applies so I can also plot confidence
intervals.
So I not only get the inferences that I am interested in now, I also get an
estimate, a confidence interval that captures with a certain probability the
two value. 

Okay and it works until a chain length of thirty so already quite large chain
lengths. Then the confidence intervals become larger because I get less and
less samples accepted. I use 10 million attempts here but actually similar
methods are very useful even for a few hundred attempts. This is a picture
around that time in Los Alamos where they performed the simulation manually by
drawing with this drawing device, basically, on a sheet of paper, and whenever
they cross from one type of material to another type of material, they would
change the wheels and roll a new random number and then move it and turn it in
random directions and they do it a few hundred times and get a global picture
on how the neutrons are scattered in this matter. Because everything was named
MANIAC, ENIAC, etc., and this idea was from Enrico Fermi they called this
device a FERMIAC.

But anyway, another thing we could do is solve the counting problem. So we can
estimate the acceptance rate. We have the number of attempts that we made and
the number of attempts that were accepted that happened to be self-avoiding.
It gives us the acceptance rate and we can estimate the number of
self-avoiding walks simply as a product of this acceptance rate with a total
number of 2D walks that are not necessarily self-avoiding. That is easy to
calculate as well because the first step was into right direction and we had
three possibilities in each step, so we could just have a formula for that one
and this gives an estimate of the number of self-avoiding walks. 
So here is a plot of that and in this paper I found from
2005 where people have exhaustively
computed that with clever enumeration methods up to a length of 59, but beyond
that the exact number is unknown. But it happens to agree very well with these
known ground truths.

**Attendee 1**: Quick question. Is that what even with your early rejection
business?

**Speaker**: Yes, that's the one thing.

**Attendee 1**: Okay.

**Speaker**: It's exactly with the rejection sample here. So the acceptance
rate is from the rejection sample here. \(P\) is estimated from the rejection
sample.

**Attendee 1**: What is the acceptance rate when you get to 30?

**Speaker**: Again, next slide here.

**Speaker**: I am impressed. One second. Let us first enjoy what we have
achieved, let us take a look at Monte Carlo, enjoy some sunshine. So the name
Monte Carlo, I mean, what first comes to mind is all the casinos, right? And
the gambling and that is indeed one of the origins of the name. But the
particular reason and the person who suggested this was Nicholas Metropolis,
the colleague of Stanislaw Ulam, was very much amused about the stories Stan
was telling about his uncle, Michael Ulam, who was a wealthy businessman in
his hometown in Lviv. And then switched to the finance industry and spent the
rest of his life gambling away his fortune in Monte Carlo and Nicholas
Metropolis found this so amusing that he insisted the method being called,
Monte Carlo method. So that is the real reason why it is called Monte Carlo
method.

And it is not all sunny and that is where we come to this slide, which is the
acceptance rate as a function of the chain lengths. And you see the simpler
rejection sample for long enough chains. I mean, intuitively you can
understand when you grow the chain very long, the probability to cross onto
yourself when you walk randomly becomes higher and higher. The acceptance rate
is very, very small. So I think for a million samples I had only like 15 walks
accepted at the lengths of 30. And that's why the confidence intervals have
been blowing up because the estimates become unreliable. 

The next part is available.
