---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Whats new on arXiv
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/04/24/whats-new-on-arxiv-963/
date:      2019-04-24
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - modeling
    - learning
    - learned
    - network models
    - bases
---

**Resilient Supplier Selection in Logistic 4.0: An integrated approach of Fuzzy Multi-Attribute Decision Making (F-MADM) and Multi-choice Goal Programming (MCGP) with Heterogeneous**

Supplier selection problem has gained extensive attention in the prior studies. However, research based on Fuzzy Multi-Attribute Decision Making (F-MADM) approach in ranking resilient suppliers in logistic 4.0 is still in its infancy. Traditional MADM approach fails to address the resilient supplier selection problem in logistic 4.0 primarily because of the large amount of data concerning some attributes that are quantitative, yet difficult to process while making decisions. Besides, some qualitative attributes prevalent in logistic 4.0 entail imprecise perceptual or judgmental decision relevant information, and are substantially different than those considered in traditional suppler selection problems. This study, for the first time, develops a Decision Support System (DSS) that will help the decision maker to incorporate and process such imprecise heterogeneous data in a unified framework to rank a set of resilient suppliers in the logistic 4.0 environment. The proposed framework induces a triangular fuzzy number from large-scale temporal data using probability-possibility consistency principle. Large number of non-temporal data presented graphically are computed by extracting granular information that are imprecise in nature. Fuzzy linguistic variables are used to map the qualitative attributes. Finally, fuzzy based TOPSIS method is adopted to generate the ranking score of alternative suppliers. These ranking scores are used as input in a Multi-Choice Goal Programming (MCGP) model to determine optimal order allocation for respective suppliers. Finally, a sensitivity analysis assesses how the Cost versus Resilience Index (SCRI) changes when differential priorities are set for respective cost and resilience attributes.

**Assessing Architectural Similarity in Populations of Deep Neural Networks**

Evolutionary deep intelligence has recently shown great promise for producing small, powerful deep neural network models via the synthesis of increasingly efficient architectures over successive generations. Despite recent research showing the efficacy of multi-parent evolutionary synthesis, little has been done to directly assess architectural similarity between networks during the synthesis process for improved parent network selection. In this work, we present a preliminary study into quantifying architectural similarity via the percentage overlap of architectural clusters. Results show that networks synthesized using architectural alignment (via gene tagging) maintain higher architectural similarities within each generation, potentially restricting the search space of highly efficient network architectures.

**A context-aware knowledge acquisition for planning applications using ontologies**

Automated planning technology has developed significantly. Designing a planning model that allows an automated agent to be capable of reacting intelligently to unexpected events in a real execution environment yet remains a challenge. This article describes a domain-independent approach to allow the agent to be context-aware of its execution environment and the task it performs, acquire new information that is guaranteed to be related and more importantly manageable, and integrate such information into its model through the use of ontologies and semantic operations to autonomously formulate new objectives, resulting in a more human-like behaviour for handling unexpected events in the context of opportunities.

**Context-Aware Zero-Shot Recognition**

We present a novel problem setting in zero-shot learning, zero-shot object recognition and detection in the context. Contrary to the traditional zero-shot learning methods, which simply infers unseen categories by transferring knowledge from the objects belonging to semantically similar seen categories, we aim to understand the identity of the novel objects in an image surrounded by the known objects using the inter-object relation prior. Specifically, we leverage the visual context and the geometric relationships between all pairs of objects in a single image, and capture the information useful to infer unseen categories. We integrate our context-aware zero-shot learning framework into the traditional zero-shot learning techniques seamlessly using a Conditional Random Field (CRF). The proposed algorithm is evaluated on both zero-shot region classification and zero-shot detection tasks. The results on Visual Genome (VG) dataset show that our model significantly boosts performance with the additional visual context compared to traditional methods.

**Continual Learning with Self-Organizing Maps**

Despite remarkable successes achieved by modern neural networks in a wide range of applications, these networks perform best in domain-specific stationary environments where they are trained only once on large-scale controlled data repositories. When exposed to non-stationary learning environments, current neural networks tend to forget what they had previously learned, a phenomena known as catastrophic forgetting. Most previous approaches to this problem rely on memory replay buffers which store samples from previously learned tasks, and use them to regularize the learning on new ones. This approach suffers from the important disadvantage of not scaling well to real-life problems in which the memory requirements become enormous. We propose a memoryless method that combines standard supervised neural networks with self-organizing maps to solve the continual learning problem. The role of the self-organizing map is to adaptively cluster the inputs into appropriate task contexts – without explicit labels – and allocate network resources accordingly. Thus, it selectively routes the inputs in accord with previous experience, ensuring that past learning is maintained and does not interfere with current learning. Out method is intuitive, memoryless, and performs on par with current state-of-the-art approaches on standard benchmarks.

**Derivative-Free Global Optimization Algorithms: Bayesian Method and Lipschitzian Approaches**

In this paper, we will provide an introduction to the derivative-free optimization algorithms which can be potentially applied to train deep learning models. Existing deep learning model training is mostly based on the back propagation algorithm, which updates the model variables layers by layers with the gradient descent algorithm or its variants. However, the objective functions of deep learning models to be optimized are usually non-convex and the gradient descent algorithms based on the first-order derivative can get stuck into the local optima very easily. To resolve such a problem, various local or global optimization algorithms have been proposed, which can help improve the training of deep learning models greatly. The representative examples include the Bayesian methods, Shubert-Piyavskii algorithm, Direct, LIPO, MCS, GA, SCE, DE, PSO, ES, CMA-ES, hill climbing and simulated annealing, etc. One part of these algorithms will be introduced in this paper (including the Bayesian method and Lipschitzian approaches, e.g., Shubert-Piyavskii algorithm, Direct, LIPO and MCS), and the remaining algorithms (including the population based optimization algorithms, e.g., GA, SCE, DE, PSO, ES and CMA-ES, and random search algorithms, e.g., hill climbing and simulated annealing) will be introduced in the follow-up paper [18] in detail.

**Derivative-Free Global Optimization Algorithms: Population based Methods and Random Search Approaches**

In this paper, we will provide an introduction to the derivative-free optimization algorithms which can be potentially applied to train deep learning models. Existing deep learning model training is mostly based on the back propagation algorithm, which updates the model variables layers by layers with the gradient descent algorithm or its variants. However, the objective functions of deep learning models to be optimized are usually non-convex and the gradient descent algorithms based on the first-order derivative can get stuck into the local optima very easily. To resolve such a problem, various local or global optimization algorithms have been proposed, which can help improve the training of deep learning models greatly. The representative examples include the Bayesian methods, Shubert-Piyavskii algorithm, Direct, LIPO, MCS, GA, SCE, DE, PSO, ES, CMA-ES, hill climbing and simulated annealing, etc. This is a follow-up paper of [18], and we will introduce the population based optimization algorithms, e.g., GA, SCE, DE, PSO, ES and CMA-ES, and random search algorithms, e.g., hill climbing and simulated annealing, in this paper. For the introduction to the other derivative-free optimization algorithms, please refer to [18] for more information.

**Mining Rules Incrementally over Large Knowledge Bases**

Multiple web-scale Knowledge Bases, e.g., Freebase, YAGO, NELL, have been constructed using semi-supervised or unsupervised information extraction techniques and many of them, despite their large sizes, are continuously growing. Much research effort has been put into mining inference rules from knowledge bases. To address the task of rule mining over evolving web-scale knowledge bases, we propose a parallel incremental rule mining framework. Our approach is able to efficiently mine rules based on the relational model and apply updates to large knowledge bases; we propose an alternative metric that reduces computation complexity without compromising quality; we apply multiple optimization techniques that reduce runtime by more than 2 orders of magnitude. Experiments show that our approach efficiently scales to web-scale knowledge bases and saves over 90% time compared to the state-of-the-art batch rule mining system. We also apply our optimization techniques to the batch rule mining algorithm, reducing runtime by more than half compared to the state-of-the-art. To the best of our knowledge, our incremental rule mining system is the first that handles updates to web-scale knowledge bases.

**Waterfall Bandits: Learning to Sell Ads Online**

A popular approach to selling online advertising is by a waterfall, where a publisher makes sequential price offers to ad networks for an inventory, and chooses the winner in that order. The publisher picks the order and prices to maximize her revenue. A traditional solution is to learn the demand model and then subsequently solve the optimization problem for the given demand model. This will incur a linear regret. We design an online learning algorithm for solving this problem, which interleaves learning and optimization, and prove that this algorithm has sublinear regret. We evaluate the algorithm on both synthetic and real-world data, and show that it quickly learns high quality pricing strategies. This is the first principled study of learning a waterfall design online by sequential experimentation.

**DeepMoD: Deep learning for Model Discovery in noisy data**

**Cubic LSTMs for Video Prediction**

Predicting future frames in videos has become a promising direction of research for both computer vision and robot learning communities. The core of this problem involves moving object capture and future motion prediction. While object capture specifies which objects are moving in videos, motion prediction describes their future dynamics. Motivated by this analysis, we propose a Cubic Long Short-Term Memory (CubicLSTM) unit for video prediction. CubicLSTM consists of three branches, i.e., a spatial branch for capturing moving objects, a temporal branch for processing motions, and an output branch for combining the first two branches to generate predicted frames. Stacking multiple CubicLSTM units along the spatial branch and output branch, and then evolving along the temporal branch can form a cubic recurrent neural network (CubicRNN). Experiment shows that CubicRNN produces more accurate video predictions than prior methods on both synthetic and real-world datasets.

**Distributed generation of privacy preserving data with user customization**

Distributed devices such as mobile phones can produce and store large amounts of data that can enhance machine learning models; however, this data may contain private information specific to the data owner that prevents the release of the data. We wish to reduce the correlation between user-specific private information and data while maintaining the useful information. Rather than learning a large model to achieve privatization from end to end, we introduce a decoupling of the creation of a latent representation and the privatization of data that allows user-specific privatization to occur in a distributed setting with limited computation and minimal disturbance on the utility of the data. We leverage a Variational Autoencoder (VAE) to create a compact latent representation of the data; however, the VAE remains fixed for all devices and all possible private labels. We then train a small generative filter to perturb the latent representation based on individual preferences regarding the private and utility information. The small filter is trained by utilizing a GAN-type robust optimization that can take place on a distributed device. We conduct experiments on three popular datasets: MNIST, UCI-Adult, and CelebA, and give a thorough evaluation including visualizing the geometry of the latent embeddings and estimating the empirical mutual information to show the effectiveness of our approach.

**Specification-Driven Predictive Business Process Monitoring**

Predictive analysis in business process monitoring aims at forecasting the future information of a running business process. The prediction is typically made based on the model extracted from historical process execution logs (event logs). In practice, different business domains might require different kinds of predictions. Hence, it is important to have a means for properly specifying the desired prediction tasks, and a mechanism to deal with these various prediction tasks. Although there have been many studies in this area, they mostly focus on a specific prediction task. This work introduces a language for specifying the desired prediction tasks, and this language allows us to express various kinds of prediction tasks. This work also presents a mechanism for automatically creating the corresponding prediction model based on the given specification. Differently from previous studies, instead of focusing on a particular prediction task, we present an approach to deal with various prediction tasks based on the given specification of the desired prediction tasks. We also provide an implementation of the approach which is used to conduct experiments using real-life event logs.

**Can Machine Learning Model with Static Features be Fooled: an Adversarial Machine Learning Approach**

The widespread adoption of smartphones dramatically increases the risk of attacks and the spread of mobile malware, especially on the Android platform. Machine learning based solutions have been already used as a tool to supersede signature based anti-malware systems. However, malware authors leverage attributes from malicious and legitimate samples to estimate statistical difference in-order to create adversarial examples. Hence, to evaluate the vulnerability of machine learning algorithms in malware detection, we propose five different attack scenarios to perturb malicious applications (apps). By doing this, the classification algorithm inappropriately fits discriminant function on the set of data points, eventually yielding a higher misclassification rate. Further, to distinguish the adversarial examples from benign samples, we propose two defense mechanisms to counter attacks. To validate our attacks and solutions, we test our model on three different benchmark datasets. We also test our methods using various classifier algorithms and compare them with the state-of-the-art data poisoning method using the Jacobian matrix. Promising results show that generated adversarial samples can evade detection with a very high probability. Additionally, evasive variants generated by our attacks models when used to harden the developed anti-malware system improves the detection rate.

**Unsupervised Text Generation from Structured Data**

This work presents a joint solution to two challenging tasks: text generation from data and open information extraction. We propose to model both tasks as sequence-to-sequence translation problems and thus construct a joint neural model for both. Our experiments on knowledge graphs from Visual Genome, i.e., structured image analyses, shows promising results compared to strong baselines. Building on recent work on unsupervised machine translation, we report the first results – to the best of our knowledge – on fully unsupervised text generation from structured data.

**LIBS2ML: A Library for Scalable Second Order Machine Learning Algorithms**

**Improving Multi-Task Deep Neural Networks via Knowledge Distillation for Natural Language Understanding**

**CleanML: A Benchmark for Joint Data Cleaning and Machine Learning [Experiments and Analysis]**

It is widely recognized that the data quality affects machine learning (ML) model performances, and data scientists spend considerable amount of time on data cleaning before model training. However, to date, there does not exist a rigorous study on how exactly does cleaning affect ML — ML community usually focuses on the effects of specific types of noises of certain distributions (e.g., mislabels) on certain ML models, while database (DB) community has been mostly studying the problem of data cleaning alone without considering how data is consumed by downstream analytics. We propose the CleanML benchmark that systematically investigates the impact of data cleaning on downstream ML models. The CleanML benchmark currently includes 13 real-world datasets with real errors, five common error types, and seven different ML models. To ensure that our findings are statistically significant, CleanML carefully controls the randomness in ML experiments using statistical hypothesis testing, and also uses the Benjamini-Yekutieli (BY) procedure to control potential false discoveries due to many hypotheses in the benchmark. We obtain many interesting and non-trivial insights, and identify multiple open research directions. We also release the benchmark and hope to invite future studies on the important problems of joint data cleaning and ML.

**High Dimensional Process Monitoring Using Robust Sparse Probabilistic Principal Component Analysis**

High dimensional data has introduced challenges that are difficult to address when attempting to implement classical approaches of statistical process control. This has made it a topic of interest for research due in recent years. However, in many cases, data sets have underlying structures, such as in advanced manufacturing systems. If extracted correctly, efficient methods for process control can be developed. This paper proposes a robust sparse dimensionality reduction approach for correlated high-dimensional process monitoring to address the aforementioned issues. The developed monitoring technique uses robust sparse probabilistic PCA to reduce the dimensionality of the data stream while retaining interpretability. The proposed methodology utilizes Bayesian variational inference to obtain the estimates of a probabilistic representation of PCA. Simulation studies were conducted to verify the efficacy of the proposed methodology. Furthermore, we conducted a case study for change detection for in-line Raman spectroscopy to validate the efficiency of our proposed method in a practical scenario.

**GAN-based Generation and Automatic Selection of Explanations for Neural Networks**

One way to interpret trained deep neural networks (DNNs) is by inspecting characteristics that neurons in the model respond to, such as by iteratively optimising the model input (e.g., an image) to maximally activate specific neurons. However, this requires a careful selection of hyper-parameters to generate interpretable examples for each neuron of interest, and current methods rely on a manual, qualitative evaluation of each setting, which is prohibitively slow. We introduce a new metric that uses Fr\’echet Inception Distance (FID) to encourage similarity between model activations for real and generated data. This provides an efficient way to evaluate a set of generated examples for each setting of hyper-parameters. We also propose a novel GAN-based method for generating explanations that enables an efficient search through the input space and imposes a strong prior favouring realistic outputs. We apply our approach to a classification model trained to predict whether a music audio recording contains singing voice. Our results suggest that this proposed metric successfully selects hyper-parameters leading to interpretable examples, avoiding the need for manual evaluation. Moreover, we see that examples synthesised to maximise or minimise the predicted probability of singing voice presence exhibit vocal or non-vocal characteristics, respectively, suggesting that our approach is able to generate suitable explanations for understanding concepts learned by a neural network.

**NeuronBlocks — Building Your NLP DNN Models Like Playing Lego**

When building deep neural network models for natural language processing tasks, engineers often spend a lot of efforts on coding details and debugging, instead of focusing on model architecture design and hyper-parameter tuning. In this paper, we introduce NeuronBlocks, a deep neural network toolkit for natural language processing tasks. In NeuronBlocks, a suite of neural network layers are encapsulated as building blocks, which can easily be used to build complicated deep neural network models by configuring a simple JSON file. NeuronBlocks empowers engineers to build and train various NLP models in seconds even without a single line of code. A series of experiments on real NLP datasets such as GLUE and WikiQA have been conducted, which demonstrates the effectiveness of NeuronBlocks.

**PullNet: Open Domain Question Answering with Iterative Retrieval on Knowledge Bases and Text**

We consider open-domain queston answering (QA) where answers are drawn from either a corpus, a knowledge base (KB), or a combination of both of these. We focus on a setting in which a corpus is supplemented with a large but incomplete KB, and on questions that require non-trivial (e.g., “multi-hop”) reasoning. We describe PullNet, an integrated framework for (1) learning what to retrieve (from the KB and/or corpus) and (2) reasoning with this heterogeneous information to find the best answer. PullNet uses an {iterative} process to construct a question-specific subgraph that contains information relevant to the question. In each iteration, a graph convolutional network (graph CNN) is used to identify subgraph nodes that should be expanded using retrieval (or “pull”) operations on the corpus and/or KB. After the subgraph is complete, a similar graph CNN is used to extract the answer from the subgraph. This retrieve-and-reason process allows us to answer multi-hop questions using large KBs and corpora. PullNet is weakly supervised, requiring question-answer pairs but not gold inference paths. Experimentally PullNet improves over the prior state-of-the art, and in the setting where a corpus is used with incomplete KB these improvements are often dramatic. PullNet is also often superior to prior systems in a KB-only setting or a text-only setting.

**A mechanism for balancing accuracy and scope in cross-machine black-box GPU performance modeling**

The ability to model, analyze, and predict execution time of computations is an important building block supporting numerous efforts, such as load balancing, performance optimization, and automated performance tuning for high performance, parallel applications. In today’s increasingly heterogeneous computing environment, this task must be accomplished efficiently across multiple architectures, including massively parallel coprocessors like GPUs. To address this challenge, we present an approach for constructing customizable, cross-machine performance models for GPU kernels, including a mechanism to automatically and symbolically gather performance-relevant kernel operation counts, a tool for formulating mathematical models using these counts, and a customizable parameterized collection of benchmark kernels used to fit models to GPUs in a black-box fashion. Our approach empowers a user to manage trade-offs between model accuracy, evaluation speed, and generalizability. A user can define a model and customize the fitting process, making it as simple or complex as desired, and as application-targeted or general-purpose as desired. As application examples of our approach, we demonstrate both linear and nonlinear models; each example models execution times for multiple variants of a particular computation: two matrix multiplication variants, four Discontinuous Galerkin (DG) differentiation operation variants, and two 2-D first-order finite difference computation variants. For each variant, we present accuracy results on GPUs from multiple vendors and hardware generations. We view this customizable approach as a response to a central question in GPU performance modeling: how can we model GPU performance in a cost-explanatory fashion while maintaining accuracy, evaluation speed, portability, and ease of use, an attribute we believe precludes manual collection of kernel or hardware statistics.

**DeepCaps: Going Deeper with Capsule Networks**

Capsule Network is a promising concept in deep learning, yet its true potential is not fully realized thus far, providing sub-par performance on several key benchmark datasets with complex data. Drawing intuition from the success achieved by Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) by going deeper, we introduce DeepCaps1, a deep capsule network architecture which uses a novel 3D convolution based dynamic routing algorithm. With DeepCaps, we surpass the state-of-the-art results in the capsule network domain on CIFAR10, SVHN and Fashion MNIST, while achieving a 68% reduction in the number of parameters. Further, we propose a class-independent decoder network, which strengthens the use of reconstruction loss as a regularization term. This leads to an interesting property of the decoder, which allows us to identify and control the physical attributes of the images represented by the instantiation parameters.

**Linear Multiple Low-Rank Kernel Based Stationary Gaussian Processes Regression for Time Series**

Gaussian processes (GP) for machine learning have been studied systematically over the past two decades and they are by now widely used in a number of diverse applications. However, GP kernel design and the associated hyper-parameter optimization are still hard and to a large extend open problems. In this paper, we consider the task of GP regression for time series modeling and analysis. The underlying stationary kernel can be approximated arbitrarily close by a new proposed grid spectral mixture (GSM) kernel, which turns out to be a linear combination of low-rank sub-kernels. In the case where a large number of the sub-kernels are used, either the Nystr\'{o}m or the random Fourier feature approximations can be adopted to deal efficiently with the computational demands. The unknown GP hyper-parameters consist of the non-negative weights of all sub-kernels as well as the noise variance; their estimation is performed via the maximum-likelihood (ML) estimation framework. Two efficient numerical optimization methods for solving the unknown hyper-parameters are derived, including a sequential majorization-minimization (MM) method and a non-linearly constrained alternating direction of multiplier method (ADMM). The MM matches perfectly with the proven low-rank property of the proposed GSM sub-kernels and turns out to be a part of efficiency, stable, and efficient solver, while the ADMM has the potential to generate better local minimum in terms of the test MSE. Experimental results, based on various classic time series data sets, corroborate that the proposed GSM kernel-based GP regression model outperforms several salient competitors of similar kind in terms of prediction mean-squared-error and numerical stability.

**Communication for Generating Correlation: A Survey**

The task of manipulating correlated random variables in a distributed setting has received attention in the fields of both Information Theory and Computer Science. Often shared correlations can be converted, using a little amount of communication, into perfectly shared uniform random variables. Such perfect shared randomness, in turn, enables the solutions of many tasks. Even the reverse conversion of perfectly shared uniform randomness into variables with a desired form of correlation turns out to be insightful and technically useful. In this survey article, we describe progress-to-date on such problems and lay out pertinent measures, achievability results, limits of performance, and point to new directions.

**BePT: A Process Translator for Sharing Process Models**

Sharing process models on the web has emerged as a widely used concept. Users can collect and share their experimental process models with others. However, some users always feel confused about the shared process models for lack of necessary guidelines or instructions. Therefore, several process translators have been proposed to explain the semantics of process models in natural language (NL) in order to extract more value from process repositories. We find that previous studies suffer from information loss and generate semantically erroneous descriptions that diverge from original model behaviors. In this paper, we propose a novel process translator named BePT (Behavior-based Process Translator) based on the encoder-decoder paradigm, encoding a process model into a middle representation and decoding the representation into a NL text. The theoretical analysis demonstrates that BePT satisfies behavior correctness, behavior completeness and description minimality. The qualitative and quantitative experiments show that BePT outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in terms of capability, detailedness, consistency, understandability and reproducibility.





### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

