---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Earn a Deep Learning Certificate
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/kdnuggets-data-mining-analytics/~3/pVaJlEA7Ehk/coursera-earn-deep-learning-certificate.html
date:      2019-04-22
author:      Matt Mayo Editor
tags:
    - learning
    - machine
    - image
    - neural
    - autonomous
---

**If you want a job in AI and Deep Learning, Andrew Ng’s Specialization will help you get there.**


Artificial Intelligence is shaping the future of everything from medicine, to transportation, to education. Salaries for AI engineers are skyrocketing, and AI also gives you a superpower to build amazing things. Now is your chance to break into AI, even if you don’t have a PhD. Topics include:


- **Neural Networks and Deep Learning:** Gain a comprehensive understanding of how Deep Learning works.

- **Improving Deep Neural Networks:** Learn about hyperparameter tuning, regularization and optimization.

- **Structuring Machine Learning Projects:** Build a successful machine learning project based on industry best-practices.

- **Convolutional Neural Networks:** Apply convolutional neural networks to image data, with applications ranging from accurate autonomous driving, to face recognition, to radiology image reading, and more.

- **Sequence Models:** Train models using natural language and audio data to enable a variety of applications including speech recognition, music synthesis, machine translation, and beyond.


**Ready to be on the cutting edge?** Start learning today on Coursera and join nearly 200,000 learners who have enrolled in Andrew Ng's Deep Learning Specialization.
