---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Distilled News
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/04/03/distilled-news-1022/
date:      2019-04-03
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - data
    - models
    - modeling
    - learning
    - pizza
---

**Text Summarization in Python**

The is the Simple guide to understand Text Summarization problem with Python Implementation.

**Sentiment Analysis: Beyond Words**

As any New York transplant knows, it’s hard to get good pizza outside of New York. Add Italian family heritage and, well, good pizza is a big deal. So when I endeavored to develop a Natural Language Processing project to explore tools for sentiment analysis, what better use of these tools than to help people like me find the perfect pizza place! For this project I used restaurant reviews from the Yelp challenge dataset. In particular, I used restaurants that Yelp had classified as being in the ‘pizza restaurant’ or ‘restaurant, pizza’ categories.

**Decomposing a Time series in a Simple and Intuitive way**

We have all struggled with traditional time series models like ARIMA, Exponential smoothing etc which are not so intuitive and hard to explain to business without talking in purely statistical terms. Given Time-based sales data, intuitively what comes to our mind is figuring out patterns like monthly trends, year-over-year trends, day-wise trends, weekly peaks and so on. Thus, this motivated me to devise a methodology which can decompose a time series to find all these parameters easily and also enable us to make a prediction for the future in a more simpler and intuitive way. In this post, we will be using the store sales data for a period of about 2.5 years from January 2013 to June 2015 from Roseman Store Sales Kaggle Challenge.

**Measuring Actual GPU Usage for Deep Learning Training**

One of the exciting things about running Weights and Biases is that we can research how models are actually using their computational resources in real world scenarios and, since we are making monitoring GPU and memory easy, we wanted to help our users by taking a look at how well folks utilize their computational resources.

**An Overview on Elasticsearch and its usage**

Elasticsearch is a highly scalable open-source full-text search and analytics engine. It allows you to store, search, and analyze big volumes of data quickly and in near real time. It is generally used as the underlying engine/technology that powers applications that have complex search features and requirements. Elasticsearch provides a distributed system on top of Lucene StandardAnalyzer for indexing and automatic type guessing and utilizes a JSON based REST API to refer to Lucene features.

**Visual Agnosia: A Neural Network Analogy**

In this article I present some theories which you may call ramblings of an untrained mind, possibly a long shot, putting together pieces of two different realms in Neuropsychology and deep learning resp. into one symphony which seems appropriate considering the case of Dr. P, the musician who inspired this article and the original story. Although, it is to be noted that all of this article is just theoretic and has no experimental basis so it’s argument should be taken with a lot of salt (not a pinch I mean it).

**Convolutional Neural Network: A Step By Step Guide**

In this tutorial, we’ll touch through the aspects of neural network, models and algorithms, some use cases, libraries to be used, and of course, the scope of deep learning. In addition to it, other important concepts for deep learning will also be discussed.

**Machine Learning – Art or Science?**

The surge of big data and challenge of confirmation bias, lead data scientists to seek a methodological approach to uncover hidden insights. In predictive analytics, they often turn to machine learning to save the day. Machine learning seems an ideal candidate to handle big data using training sets. It also enjoys a strong scientific scent by making data driven predictions. But is machine learning really bias free? And how can we leverage this tool more consciously?

**Get text from pdfs or images using OCR: a tutorial with {tesseract} and {magick}**

In this blog post I’m going to show you how you can extract text from scanned pdf files, or pdf files where no text recognition was performed. (For pdfs where text recognition was performed, you can read my other blog post). The pdf I’m going to use can be downloaded from here. It’s a poem titled, D’Léierchen (Dem Léiweckerche säi Lidd), written by Michel Rodange, arguably Luxembourg’s most well known writer and poet. Michel Rodange is mostly known for his fable, Renert oder De Fuuß am Frack an a Ma’nsgrëßt, starring a central European trickster anthropomorphic red fox.

**Healthcare Tweet extraction, Sentiment Analysis and Visualization using Python**

We all live in a world where analyzing a massive set of unstructured data is becoming a business need. And the time we spend on the internet is basically the time we spend on social media. Even our daily life is affected by the people around us. And we are tending to change our opinions and thoughts towards something based on other people’s ideas and opinions. Some may call this bad and at the same time, some may call it good. Anyway, if we have the ability to think of other’s opinion that’d be really helpful and that’s when sentiment analyzes comes up. sentiment analysis we do classification of the data samples into positive, negative or neutral classes and bring out proper conclusions from the data. We have done a meta-analysis of data obtained from 20 peer-reviewed scientific research studies (2009-2017) describing the Sentimental analysis using PSO and how PSO can help increase the productivity of twitter.

**FastAI Image Segmentation**

Image segmentation is the process of taking a digital image and segmenting it into multiple segments of pixels. The goal of image segmentation is to simplify and/or change the representation of an image into something more meaningful and easier to understand. The FastAI library allows us to build image segmentation models using only a few lines of code by providing us with classes and methods for both loading in the data and creating a model to perform the segmentation(UNET).

**Building efficient data pipelines using TensorFlow**

Having efficient data pipelines is of paramount importance for any machine learning model. In this blog, we will learn how to use TensorFlow’s Dataset module tf.data to build efficient data pipelines.

**Publishing Machine Learning API with Python Flask**

Flask is fun and easy to setup, as it says on Flask website. And that’s true. This microframework for Python offers a powerful way of annotating Python function with REST endpoint. I’m using Flask to publish ML model API to be accessible by the 3rd party business applications.

**Step-by-Step Guide to Creating R and Python Libraries**

R and Python are the bread and butter of today’s machine learning languages. R provides powerful statistics and quick visualizations, while Python offers an intuitive syntax, abundant support, and is the choice interface to today’s major AI frameworks. In this article we’ll look at the steps involved in creating libraries in R and Python. This is a skill every machine learning practitioner should have in their toolbox. Libraries help us organize our code and share it with others, offering packaged functionality to the data community.

**Cleaning, Analyzing, and Visualizing Survey Data in Python**

A tutorial using pandas, matplotlib, and seaborn to produce digestible insights from dirty data.

**Trust and interpretability in machine learning**

Do machine learning models always need to be interpretable? Given a choice between an interpretable model that is inaccurate and a non-interpretable model that is accurate, wouldn’t you rather choose the non-interpretable but accurate model? In other words, is there any reason for sacrificing accuracy at the altar of interpretability? Before going any further we should try to clarify what makes a model interpretable. Often, interpretability is equated with simplicity. This definition is obviously ambiguous; what is simple for one person may not be so for another. More importantly, advanced machine learning is most useful for modeling complex systems. These systems are called complex for a reason?-?they are not simple! Demanding that useful models for such systems should be simple, by any measure, makes very little sense. Perhaps, we can go further if we consider how we think about interpretability in a traditional modeling setting. Consider the mathematical model of an internal combustion engine in a car. I doubt if anyone would consider that to be simple. But, on the other hand, I also doubt if anyone would consider the model of an internal combustion engine to be non-interpretable, either. This is primarily because we can derive this model in a deductive manner from well established physical theories such as thermodynamics and fluid dynamics.

**Implementing MACD in Python**

MACD is used and discussed in many different trading circles. Moving Average Convergence Divergence (MACD) is a trend following indicator. MACD can be calculated very simply by subtracting the 26 period EMA from the 12 period EMA. We previously discussed EMAs in our article here. MACD can be used and interpreted in a handful of different ways to give the trader potential value and insight into their trading decisions.

**Causal Inference using Difference in Differences, Causal Impact, and Synthetic Control**

Correlation is not causation. Then what is causation? How can it be measured? Causation is measuring the real impact on Y because of X. E.g., What is the effect of ad campaigns on the sales of a product? It is critical to precisely understand the causal effects of these interventions on the subject. One of the main threats to causal inference is the confounding effect from other variables. In the case of ad campaigns, it could be a reduction in price of the product, change in the overall economy or various other factors that could be inducing the change in sales at the same time. So how do we correctly attribute the change in sales because of the ad campaign?





### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

