---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Face Recognition with OpenCV
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/BYtQlwwVRLw/
date:      2019-04-08
author:      Arpit Dwivedi
tags:
    - images
    - image_name
    - labels
    - opencv
    - subjects
---

1. Programming


****

Tags



- Machine Learning
- OpenCV
- R Programming

OpenCV is a library of programming functions mainly aimed at real-time computer vision. Originally developed by Intel, it was later supported by Willow Garage then Itseez. The library is cross-platform and free for use under the open-source BSD license.

Before starting you can read my article on face detection which will make this code more easy to understand.

For our face recognition model, we will have 3 phases:

In our dataset we will have two folders with faces of two persons. For example, in folder 1 we will have face images of person 1, and in other folder, face images of person 2. You can create your own personalised data or can download from my Github Repo, where you can find the source code and other files.

## Coding 

As usually our first task will be to import required libraries.

Now preparing our training data-

this function will read all persons’ training images, detect face from each image and will return two lists of exactly same size, one list of faces and another list of labels for each face.

Let’s first prepare our training data data will be in two lists of same size one list will contain all the faces and other list will contain respective labels for each face.

Now train the face recognizer-

Now predicting the images-Firstly we will have to draw rectangles around the detected face and the writing the text with it:

This function recognizes the person in image passed and draws a rectangle around detected face with name of the subject.

And now the final part, giving the test image for recognition-

## Conclusion

We successfully made a model which can recognise the face from the input image, which we trained on custom dataset.

****

Related Post



- Why Python is the Best Developing tool for AI?
- Face and Eye detection with OpenCV
- Data-driven Introspection of my Android Mobile usage in R
- Handwritten Digit Recognition with CNN
- The working of Naive Bayes algorithm



*Related*








---
