---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Templated output in R
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/d1tKEgJRwc8/
date:      2019-04-29
author:      R on Abhijit Dasgupta
tags:
    - data
    - functions
    - consistent functional
    - tidyverse packages
    - twitter
---





Earo Wang, who is the curator for the We are R-Ladies twitter feed this week (last week of April, 2019), had a really nice tweet about using the *whisker* package to create a template incorporating text and data in R. Her example created a list of tidyverse packages with descriptions.

I really liked the example, but thought that the glue package might be able to do the same thing. I used Earo’s code to generate a tibble with the package names and descriptions, and `glue_data` to create the templated list.

```
library(tidyverse)
library(glue)
tidy_pkgs <- 
 tibble('pkgs' = c('ggplot2','purrr','readr','tidyr',
 'dplyr','forcats','lubridate','stringr')) %>% 
 mutate(descr = map_chr(pkgs, ~packageDescription(., fields='Description')))

glue_data(tidy_pkgs, 
 "- [**{pkgs}**](http://{pkgs}.tidyverse.org): {descr}")
```

- **ggplot2**: A system for ‘declaratively’ creating graphics,based on “The Grammar of Graphics”. You provide the data, tell ‘ggplot2’how to map variables to aesthetics, what graphical primitives to use,and it takes care of the details.

- **purrr**: A complete and consistent functional programming toolkit for R.

- **readr**: The goal of ‘readr’ is to provide a fast and friendly way to readrectangular data (like ‘csv’, ‘tsv’, and ‘fwf’). It is designed to flexiblyparse many types of data found in the wild, while still cleanly failing whendata unexpectedly changes.

- **tidyr**: An evolution of ‘reshape2’. It’s designedspecifically for data tidying (not general reshaping or aggregating)and works well with ‘dplyr’ data pipelines.

- **dplyr**: A fast, consistent tool for working with data frame like objects,both in memory and out of memory.

- **forcats**: Helpers for reordering factor levels (includingmoving specified levels to front, ordering by first appearance,reversing, and randomly shuffling), and tools for modifying factorlevels (including collapsing rare levels into other, ‘anonymising’,and manually ‘recoding’).

- **lubridate**: Functions to work with date-times and time-spans: fast and userfriendly parsing of date-time data, extraction and updating of components ofa date-time (years, months, days, hours, minutes, and seconds), algebraicmanipulation on date-time and time-span objects. The ‘lubridate’ package hasa consistent and memorable syntax that makes working with dates easy andfun.Parts of the ‘CCTZ’ source code, released under the Apache 2.0 License,are included in this package. See https://github.com/google/cctz for moredetails.

- **stringr**: A consistent, simple and easy to use set ofwrappers around the fantastic ‘stringi’ package. All function andargument names (and positions) are consistent, all functions deal with“NA”’s and zero length vectors in the same way, and the output fromone function is easy to feed into the input of another.



*Related*








---
