---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Top Companies to work for if you are a data scientist
subtitle:      转载自：https://101.datascience.community/2019/04/12/top-companies-to-work-for-if-you-are-a-data-scientist/
date:      2019-04-12
author:      Ryan Swanstrom
tags:
    - rapidly increasing
    - jobs
    - science
    - programming
    - hadoop increases
---

LinkedIn’s 2017 report had put Data Scientist as the second fastest growing profession and it’s number one on 2019’s list of most promising jobs. There are three main reasons why data science has been rated as a top job according to research. Firstly, the number of available job openings is rapidly increasing and the highest in comparison to other jobs, data science has an extremely high job satisfaction rating, and the median annual salary base is undeniably desirable. 

While data science is unquestionably a fantastic career path regarding the impressive ratings and the fact that it is such an in-demand job, statistics show that there will be no slowing down for the surprisingly rapid increase for the demand of data scientists around the globe. 

Checkout the top 5 companies to work for if you are a data scientist based on employee reviews, job satisfaction ratings, and CEO approval. 

## #1 Dataiku

Dataiku is a top-rated computer software company that was founded in 2013 and its headquarters can be found in New York. This company develops collaborative data science software and according to Glassdoor reviews, 99% of the employees that work for Dataiku would recommend working at this company and 100% approve of the CEO. This shows that the vast majority of the employees are satisfied with the company and they are also a top choice for data science and machine learning positions based on annual pay packages.

Checkout: Dataiku Careers

## #2 StreamSets

StreamSets was founded in 2014, its headquarter is located in San Francisco, California. The company develops a DataOps platform that can allow business to manage streaming data flows. An impressive 98% of individuals employed at this company would recommend it to their friends and 100% of the employees here also approve of the CEO. StreamSets is a top option for data management and integration.

Checkout: StreamSets Careers

## #3 1010 Data

1010 Data has its headquarter in the New York and the company has over 15 years of experience in handling data analytics with over 850 clients across various industries. It is ranked as the third best company to opt for as a data scientist, 1010 Data is also a great option with 96% of employees recommending the company and 99% of employees approving of the CEO. 

Checkout: 1010 Data Careers

## #4 Reltio

Reltio is based in Redwood Shores, California and the company was founded in 2011. This top-rated company is recommended by 96% of its employees and a top choice for data management and integration. Even though it is fourth on the list according to statistics, it is still a fantastic company to expand your experience as a data scientist. 

Checkout: Reltio Careers

## #5 Looker

Looker was founded in 2012 and its headquarters are located in Santa Cruz, California. Looker is suggested as a great company to opt for by 95% of their happy employees and 93% of the employees that work at Looker approve of the CEO. This company is great for business analytics.

Checkout: Looker Careers

## How can you get a job as a data scientist?

Having a degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Social Science, Engineering with additional knowledge of Python, R Programming, Hadoop increases the possibility of getting a starting position job. Plenty of universities offer specialized data science program both online and offline. In recent times, we have observed a rise in online masters in data science, because of the convenience it offers to professionals, especially those looking to switch careers.

Build a portfolio using real data to complete projects that can showcase your abilities as a data scientist. You could also opt for an internship to further develop your skills and knowledge as a data scientist.


Like this:Like Loading...


*Related*

