---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Distilled News
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/04/23/distilled-news-1045/
date:      2019-04-23
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - data
    - models
    - modeling
    - learning
    - nauta
---

**Survival analysis and the stratified sample**

This article discusses the unique challenges faced when performing logistic regression on very large survival analysis data sets. When these data sets are too large for logistic regression, they must be sampled very carefully in order to preserve changes in event probability over time.

**What is Geometric Deep Learning?**

The vast majority of machine learning – and therefore deep learning – is performed on Euclidean data. This includes datatypes in the 1-dimensional and 2-dimensional domain. But we don’t exist in a 1D or 2D world. All that we can perceive exists in 3D. It’s about time artificial intelligence gets to our level.

**Regime-Switching Models: Capturing Structural Changes in Time Series**

Many time series data, such as stock market conditions, government policy changes, weather patterns, and so on, follow different dynamics in different time periods; this behavior is called structural change or regime switching. One type of model for this kind of behavior is the regime-switching model (RSM). RSMs enable you to assign different sets of parameter values to different regimes and model the transition probabilities between regimes. They have been powerful tools for sequential data analysis (including time series analysis) in finance, economics, science, and engineering for several decades.

**A new approach to model regime switching**

This paper introduces a new approach to model regime switching using an autoregressive latent factor, which determines regimes depending upon whether it takes a value above or below some threshold level. In our approach, the latent factor is allowed to be correlated with the innovation to the observed time series. If the latent factor becomes exogenous, our approach reduces to the conventional Markov switching. We develop a modified Markov switching filter to estimate the mean and volatility models with Markov switching that are frequently analyzed, and find that the presence of endogeneity in regime switching is indeed strong and ubiquitous.

**What Is Differentiable Programming?**

The idea of ‘differentiable programming’ is coming up a lot in the machine learning world. To many, it’s not clear if this term reflects a real shift in how researchers think about machine learning, or is just (another) rebranding of ‘deep learning’. This post clarifies what new things differentiable programming (or DP) brings to the machine learning table. Most importantly, differentiable programming is actually a shift opposite from the direction taken by deep learning; from increasingly heavily parameterised models to simpler ones that take more advantage of problem structure.

**Introducing Nauta: A Distributed Deep Learning Platform for Kubernetes**

Nauta provides a multi-user, distributed computing environment for running DL model training experiments on Intel® Xeon® Scalable processor-based systems. Results can be viewed and monitored using a command line interface, web UI and/or TensorBoard*. Developers can use existing data sets, proprietary data, or downloaded data from online sources, and create public or private folders to make collaboration among teams easier. For scalability and ease of management, Nauta uses components from the industry-leading Kubernetes* orchestration system, leveraging Kubeflow*, and Docker* for containerized machine learning at scale. DL model templates are available (and customizable) on the platform, removing complexities associated with creating and running single and multi-node deep learning training experiments. For model testing, Nauta also supports both batch and streaming inference, all in a single platform.

**What are the Machine Learning problems that haven’t been solved yet?**

I am actually not even aware of any machine learning (ML) problem that is considered to have been solved recently or in the past. This tells you a lot about how hard things really are in ML. Of course, if you read media outlets, it may seem like researchers are sweeping the floor clean with deep learning (DL), solving ML problems one after the other leaving no stones unturned. In reality, they are not, researchers actually attack relatively simpler problems in the hope of collectively solving the bigger problems, that is just how research works.

**An Overview of Microsoft’s Network-Based Interconnect**

This article will take a closer look at Microsoft’s connectivity options and how you can connect to Microsoft Cloud Services. You will learn about Microsoft’s points of presence for internet peering and products such as Microsoft Azure ExpressRoute and Azure Virtual WAN.

**Using Data Visualization Graphs for Better Decision Making in Digital Marketing**

Graphics reveal data. It is a reasonably new invention (compared to say complex mathematical equations) as it was only in the late 1750 to 1800 that the first graphs were invented and referred to as ‘linear arithmetic’. The art and science of data visualization has grown in leaps and bounds since then and is a vital part of informed decision making today in both the business and scientific world. To manage your digital marketing campaigns with insight, it is crucial to understand the basics and the benefits of data visualization.

**5 Dimensions to Consider for Governments Turning to AI**

Artificial Intelligence might not be the newest entrant in smart technology but, its redefined usage is. It has recently gained mass popularity. Now, it is being accepted across many industries. With the general public embracing AI, government agencies are also considering this fantastic technology. AI can imitate human’s decision-making skills. Thus, it has the potential to improve the decision-making ability of various applications.

**Basics of Hive and Impala for Beginners**

Data Science is the field of study in which large volumes of data are mined, analysed to build predictive models, and help the business in the process. The data used over here is often unstructured, and it’s huge in quantity. Such data which encompasses the definition of volume, velocity, veracity, and variety is known as Big Data. Hadoop and Spark are two of the most popular open-source framework used to deal with big data.

**Distributed Artificial Intelligence: A primer on Multi-Agent Systems, Agent-Based Modeling, and Swarm Intelligence**

Distributed Artificial Intelligence (DAI) is a class of technologies and methods that span from swarm intelligence to multi-agent technologies. It is one of the subsets of AI where simulation has greater importance that point-prediction.





### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

