---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Whats new on arXiv
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/04/14/whats-new-on-arxiv-950/
date:      2019-04-13
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - modeled
    - modelling
    - models
    - modeling
    - networks
---

**Quickest Event Detection Using Multimodal Data In Nonstationary Environments**

Theory and algorithms are developed for event detection using multimodal data in nonstationary environments. The type of nonstationary behavior studied in the paper is one where the statistical properties of the data are periodic in nature. The periodic pattern of the observation process is modeled using independent and periodically identically distributed processes, a new class of stochastic processes proposed by us. Algorithms are developed that are minimax asymptotically optimal as the false alarm rate goes to zero. The theory and algorithms are inspired by real multimodal data collected around a 5K run in New York City, but also has applications in anomaly detection in cyber-physical systems and biology, where periodic statistical behavior has been observed. The developed algorithms are applied to sequences of counts of objects and sub-events extracted from images and social media posts in the NYC data.

**Tipping point analysis of electrical resistance data with early warning signals of failure for predictive maintenance**

We apply tipping point analysis to measurements of electronic components commonly used in applications in the automotive or aviation industries and demonstrate early warning signals based on scaling properties of resistance time series. The analysis utilises the statistical physics framework with stochastic modelling by representing the measured time series as a composition of deterministic and stochastic components estimated from measurements. The early warning signals are observed much earlier than those estimated from conventional techniques, such as threshold-based failure detection, or bulk estimates used in Weibull failure analysis. The introduced techniques may be useful for predictive maintenance of power electronics, with industrial applications. We suggest that this approach can be applied to various electromagnetic measurements in power systems and energy applications.

**SoDeep: a Sorting Deep net to learn ranking loss surrogates**

Several tasks in machine learning are evaluated using non-differentiable metrics such as mean average precision or Spearman correlation. However, their non-differentiability prevents from using them as objective functions in a learning framework. Surrogate and relaxation methods exist but tend to be specific to a given metric. In the present work, we introduce a new method to learn approximations of such non-differentiable objective functions. Our approach is based on a deep architecture that approximates the sorting of arbitrary sets of scores. It is trained virtually for free using synthetic data. This sorting deep (SoDeep) net can then be combined in a plug-and-play manner with existing deep architectures. We demonstrate the interest of our approach in three different tasks that require ranking: Cross-modal text-image retrieval, multi-label image classification and visual memorability ranking. Our approach yields very competitive results on these three tasks, which validates the merit and the flexibility of SoDeep as a proxy for sorting operation in ranking-based losses.

**AQuA: An Adversarially Authored Question-Answer Dataset for Common Sense**

Commonsense reasoning is a critical AI capability, but it is difficult to construct challenging datasets that test common sense. Recent neural question-answering systems, based on large pre-trained models of language, have already achieved near-human-level performance on commonsense knowledge benchmarks. These systems do not possess human-level common sense, but are able to exploit limitations of the datasets to achieve human-level scores. We introduce the AQuA dataset, an adversarially-constructed evaluation dataset for testing common sense. AQuA forms a challenging extension to the recently-proposed SWAG dataset, which tests commonsense knowledge using sentence-completion questions that describe situations observed in video. To produce a more difficult dataset, we introduce a novel procedure for question acquisition in which workers author questions designed to target weaknesses of state-of-the-art neural question answering systems. Workers are rewarded for submissions that models fail to answer correctly both before and after fine-tuning (in cross-validation). We create 2.8k questions via this procedure and evaluate the performance of multiple state-of-the-art question answering systems on our dataset. We observe a significant gap between human performance, which is 95.3%, and the performance of the best baseline accuracy of 65.3% by the OpenAI GPT model.

**Lecturer Performance System Using Neural Network with Particle Swarm Optimization**

The field of analyzing performance is very important and sensitive in particular when it is related to the performance of lecturers in academic institutions. Locating the weak points of lecturers through a system that provides an early warning to notify or reward the lecturers with warned or punished notices will help them to improve their weaknesses, leads to a better quality in the institutions. The current system has major issues in the higher education at Salahaddin University-Erbil (SUE) in Kurdistan-Iraq. These issues are: first, the assessment of lecturers’ activities is conducted traditionally via the Quality Assurance Teams at different departments and colleges at the university, second, the outcomes in some cases of lecturers’ performance provoke a low level of acceptance among lectures, as these cases are reflected and viewed by some academic communities as unfair cases, and finally, the current system is not accurate and vigorous. In this paper, Particle Swarm Optimization Neural Network is used to assess performance of lecturers in more fruitful way and also to enhance the accuracy of recognition system. Different real and novel data sets are collected from SUE. The prepared datasets preprocessed and important features are then fed as input source to the training and testing phases. Particle Swarm Optimization is used to find the best weights and biases in the training phase of the neural network. The best accuracy rate obtained in the test phase is 98.28 %.

**Hierarchical Temporal Convolutional Networks for Dynamic Recommender Systems**

Recommender systems that can learn from cross-session data to dynamically predict the next item a user will choose are crucial for online platforms. However, existing approaches often use out-of-the-box sequence models which are limited by speed and memory consumption, are often infeasible for production environments, and usually do not incorporate cross-session information, which is crucial for effective recommendations. Here we propose Hierarchical Temporal Convolutional Networks (HierTCN), a hierarchical deep learning architecture that makes dynamic recommendations based on users’ sequential multi-session interactions with items. HierTCN is designed for web-scale systems with billions of items and hundreds of millions of users. It consists of two levels of models: The high-level model uses Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) to aggregate users’ evolving long-term interests across different sessions, while the low-level model is implemented with Temporal Convolutional Networks (TCN), utilizing both the long-term interests and the short-term interactions within sessions to predict the next interaction. We conduct extensive experiments on a public XING dataset and a large-scale Pinterest dataset that contains 6 million users with 1.6 billion interactions. We show that HierTCN is 2.5x faster than RNN-based models and uses 90% less data memory compared to TCN-based models. We further develop an effective data caching scheme and a queue-based mini-batch generator, enabling our model to be trained within 24 hours on a single GPU. Our model consistently outperforms state-of-the-art dynamic recommendation methods, with up to 18% improvement in recall and 10% in mean reciprocal rank.

**Towards Universal Object Detection by Domain Attention**

**Feature Generation by Convolutional Neural Network for Click-Through Rate Prediction**

Click-Through Rate prediction is an important task in recommender systems, which aims to estimate the probability of a user to click on a given item. Recently, many deep models have been proposed to learn low-order and high-order feature interactions from original features. However, since useful interactions are always sparse, it is difficult for DNN to learn them effectively under a large number of parameters. In real scenarios, artificial features are able to improve the performance of deep models (such as Wide & Deep Learning), but feature engineering is expensive and requires domain knowledge, making it impractical in different scenarios. Therefore, it is necessary to augment feature space automatically. In this paper, We propose a novel Feature Generation by Convolutional Neural Network (FGCNN) model with two components: Feature Generation and Deep Classifier. Feature Generation leverages the strength of CNN to generate local patterns and recombine them to generate new features. Deep Classifier adopts the structure of IPNN to learn interactions from the augmented feature space. Experimental results on three large-scale datasets show that FGCNN significantly outperforms nine state-of-the-art models. Moreover, when applying some state-of-the-art models as Deep Classifier, better performance is always achieved, showing the great compatibility of our FGCNN model. This work explores a novel direction for CTR predictions: it is quite useful to reduce the learning difficulties of DNN by automatically identifying important features.

**Knowledge-Augmented Language Model and its Application to Unsupervised Named-Entity Recognition**

Traditional language models are unable to efficiently model entity names observed in text. All but the most popular named entities appear infrequently in text providing insufficient context. Recent efforts have recognized that context can be generalized between entity names that share the same type (e.g., \emph{person} or \emph{location}) and have equipped language models with access to an external knowledge base (KB). Our Knowledge-Augmented Language Model (KALM) continues this line of work by augmenting a traditional model with a KB. Unlike previous methods, however, we train with an end-to-end predictive objective optimizing the perplexity of text. We do not require any additional information such as named entity tags. In addition to improving language modeling performance, KALM learns to recognize named entities in an entirely unsupervised way by using entity type information latent in the model. On a Named Entity Recognition (NER) task, KALM achieves performance comparable with state-of-the-art supervised models. Our work demonstrates that named entities (and possibly other types of world knowledge) can be modeled successfully using predictive learning and training on large corpora of text without any additional information.

**Intra-Ensemble in Neural Networks**

Improving model performance is always the key problem in machine learning including deep learning. However, stand-alone neural networks always suffer from marginal effect when stacking more layers. At the same time, ensemble is a useful technique to further enhance model performance. Nevertheless, training several independent stand-alone deep neural networks costs multiple resources. In this work, we propose Intra-Ensemble, an end-to-end strategy with stochastic training operations to train several sub-networks simultaneously within one neural network. Additional parameter size is marginal since the majority of parameters are mutually shared. Meanwhile, stochastic training increases the diversity of sub-networks with weight sharing, which significantly enhances intra-ensemble performance. Extensive experiments prove the applicability of intra-ensemble on various kinds of datasets and network architectures. Our models achieve comparable results with the state-of-the-art architectures on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100.

**Privacy-Preserving Hierarchical Clustering: Formal Security and Efficient Approximation**

Machine Learning (ML) is widely used for predictive tasks in a number of critical applications. Recently, collaborative or federated learning is a new paradigm that enables multiple parties to jointly learn ML models on their combined datasets. Yet, in most application domains, such as healthcare and security analytics, privacy risks limit entities to individually learning local models over the sensitive datasets they own. In this work, we present the first formal study for privacy-preserving collaborative hierarchical clustering, overall featuring scalable cryptographic protocols that allow two parties to privately compute joint clusters on their combined sensitive datasets. First, we provide a formal definition that balances accuracy and privacy, and we present a provably secure protocol along with an optimized version for single linkage clustering. Second, we explore the integration of our protocol with existing approximation algorithms for hierarchical clustering, resulting in a protocol that can efficiently scale to very large datasets. Finally, we provide a prototype implementation and experimentally evaluate the feasibility and efficiency of our approach on synthetic and real datasets, with encouraging results. For example, for a dataset of one million records and 10 dimensions, our optimized privacy-preserving approximation protocol requires 35 seconds for end-to-end execution, just 896KB of communication, and achieves 97.09% accuracy.

**On the Adaptivity of Stochastic Gradient-Based Optimization**

Stochastic-gradient-based optimization has been a core enabling methodology in applications to large-scale problems in machine learning and related areas. Despite the progress, the gap between theory and practice remains significant, with theoreticians pursuing mathematical optimality at a cost of obtaining specialized procedures in different regimes (e.g., modulus of strong convexity, magnitude of target accuracy, signal-to-noise ratio), and with practitioners not readily able to know which regime is appropriate to their problem, and seeking broadly applicable algorithms that are reasonably close to optimality. To bridge these perspectives it is necessary to study algorithms that are adaptive to different regimes. We present the stochastically controlled stochastic gradient (SCSG) method for composite convex finite-sum optimization problems and show that SCSG is adaptive to both strong convexity and target accuracy. The adaptivity is achieved by batch variance reduction with adaptive batch sizes and a novel technique, which we referred to as \emph{geometrization}, which sets the length of each epoch as a geometric random variable. The algorithm achieves strictly better theoretical complexity than other existing adaptive algorithms, while the tuning parameters of the algorithm only depend on the smoothness parameter of the objective.

**Graphonomy: Universal Human Parsing via Graph Transfer Learning**

Prior highly-tuned human parsing models tend to fit towards each dataset in a specific domain or with discrepant label granularity, and can hardly be adapted to other human parsing tasks without extensive re-training. In this paper, we aim to learn a single universal human parsing model that can tackle all kinds of human parsing needs by unifying label annotations from different domains or at various levels of granularity. This poses many fundamental learning challenges, e.g. discovering underlying semantic structures among different label granularity, performing proper transfer learning across different image domains, and identifying and utilizing label redundancies across related tasks. To address these challenges, we propose a new universal human parsing agent, named ‘Graphonomy’, which incorporates hierarchical graph transfer learning upon the conventional parsing network to encode the underlying label semantic structures and propagate relevant semantic information. In particular, Graphonomy first learns and propagates compact high-level graph representation among the labels within one dataset via Intra-Graph Reasoning, and then transfers semantic information across multiple datasets via Inter-Graph Transfer. Various graph transfer dependencies (\eg, similarity, linguistic knowledge) between different datasets are analyzed and encoded to enhance graph transfer capability. By distilling universal semantic graph representation to each specific task, Graphonomy is able to predict all levels of parsing labels in one system without piling up the complexity. Experimental results show Graphonomy effectively achieves the state-of-the-art results on three human parsing benchmarks as well as advantageous universal human parsing performance.

**(Martingale) Optimal Transport And Anomaly Detection With Neural Networks: A Primal-dual Algorithm**

In this paper, we introduce a primal-dual algorithm for solving (martingale) optimal transportation problems, with cost functions satisfying the twist condition, close to the one that has been used recently for training generative adversarial networks. As some additional applications, we consider anomaly detection and automatic generation of financial data.

**Assessing Capsule Networks With Biased Data**

Machine learning based methods achieves impressive results in object classification and detection. Utilizing representative data of the visual world during the training phase is crucial to achieve good performance with such data driven approaches. However, it not always possible to access bias-free datasets thus, robustness to biased data is a desirable property for a learning system. Capsule Networks have been introduced recently and their tolerance to biased data has received little attention. This paper aims to fill this gap and proposes two experimental scenarios to assess the tolerance to imbalanced training data and to determine the generalization performance of a model with unfamiliar affine transformations of the images. This paper assesses dynamic routing and EM routing based Capsule Networks and proposes a comparison with Convolutional Neural Networks in the two tested scenarios. The presented results provide new insights into the behaviour of capsule networks.

**Deep Virtual Networks for Memory Efficient Inference of Multiple Tasks**

Deep networks consume a large amount of memory by their nature. A natural question arises can we reduce that memory requirement whilst maintaining performance. In particular, in this work we address the problem of memory efficient learning for multiple tasks. To this end, we propose a novel network architecture producing multiple networks of different configurations, termed deep virtual networks (DVNs), for different tasks. Each DVN is specialized for a single task and structured hierarchically. The hierarchical structure, which contains multiple levels of hierarchy corresponding to different numbers of parameters, enables multiple inference for different memory budgets. The building block of a deep virtual network is based on a disjoint collection of parameters of a network, which we call a unit. The lowest level of hierarchy in a deep virtual network is a unit, and higher levels of hierarchy contain lower levels’ units and other additional units. Given a budget on the number of parameters, a different level of a deep virtual network can be chosen to perform the task. A unit can be shared by different DVNs, allowing multiple DVNs in a single network. In addition, shared units provide assistance to the target task with additional knowledge learned from another tasks. This cooperative configuration of DVNs makes it possible to handle different tasks in a memory-aware manner. Our experiments show that the proposed method outperforms existing approaches for multiple tasks. Notably, ours is more efficient than others as it allows memory-aware inference for all tasks.

**Functional Isolation Forest**

For the purpose of monitoring the behavior of complex infrastructures (e.g. aircrafts, transport or energy networks), high-rate sensors are deployed to capture multivariate data, generally unlabeled, in quasi continuous-time to detect quickly the occurrence of anomalies that may jeopardize the smooth operation of the system of interest. The statistical analysis of such massive data of functional nature raises many challenging methodological questions. The primary goal of this paper is to extend the popular Isolation Forest (IF) approach to Anomaly Detection, originally dedicated to finite dimensional observations, to functional data. The major difficulty lies in the wide variety of topological structures that may equip a space of functions and the great variety of patterns that may characterize abnormal curves. We address the issue of (randomly) splitting the functional space in a flexible manner in order to isolate progressively any trajectory from the others, a key ingredient to the efficiency of the algorithm. Beyond a detailed description of the algorithm, computational complexity and stability issues are investigated at length. From the scoring function measuring the degree of abnormality of an observation provided by the proposed variant of the IF algorithm, a Functional Statistical Depth function is defined and discussed as well as a multivariate functional extension. Numerical experiments provide strong empirical evidence of the accuracy of the extension proposed.

**Correlation-Based Community Detection**

Mining community structures from the complex network is an important problem across a variety of fields. Many existing community detection methods detect communities through optimizing a community evaluation function. However, most of these functions even have high values on random graphs and may fail to detect small communities in the large-scale network (the so-called resolution limit problem). In this paper, we introduce two novel node-centric community evaluation functions by connecting correlation analysis with community detection. We will further show that the correlation analysis can provide a novel theoretical framework which unifies some existing evaluation functions in the context of a correlation-based optimization problem. In this framework, we can mitigate the resolution limit problem and eliminate the influence of random fluctuations by selecting the right correlation function. Furthermore, we introduce three key properties used in mining association rule into the context of community detection to help us choose the appropriate correlation function. Based on our introduced correlation functions, we propose a community detection algorithm called CBCD. Our proposed algorithm outperforms existing state-of-the-art algorithms on both synthetic benchmark networks and real-world networks.

**Automated Search for Configurations of Deep Neural Network Architectures**

Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are intensively used to solve a wide variety of complex problems. Although powerful, such systems require manual configuration and tuning. To this end, we view DNNs as configurable systems and propose an end-to-end framework that allows the configuration, evaluation and automated search for DNN architectures. Therefore, our contribution is threefold. First, we model the variability of DNN architectures with a Feature Model (FM) that generalizes over existing architectures. Each valid configuration of the FM corresponds to a valid DNN model that can be built and trained. Second, we implement, on top of Tensorflow, an automated procedure to deploy, train and evaluate the performance of a configured model. Third, we propose a method to search for configurations and demonstrate that it leads to good DNN models. We evaluate our method by applying it on image classification tasks (MNIST, CIFAR-10) and show that, with limited amount of computation and training, our method can identify high-performing architectures (with high accuracy). We also demonstrate that we outperform existing state-of-the-art architectures handcrafted by ML researchers. Our FM and framework have been released %and are publicly available to support replication and future research.





### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

