---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Whats new on arXiv
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/04/12/whats-new-on-arxiv-948/
date:      2019-04-12
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - networks
    - informational
    - data
    - normalization
    - normalizes
---

**The Mathematics of Text Structure**

In previous work we gave a mathematical foundation, referred to as DisCoCat, for how words interact in a sentence in order to produce the meaning of that sentence. To do so, we exploited the perfect structural match of grammar and categories of meaning spaces. Here, we give a mathematical foundation, referred to as DisCoCirc, for how sentences interact in texts in order to produce the meaning of that text. We revisit DisCoCat: while in the latter all meanings are states (i.e. have no input), in DisCoCirc word meanings are types of which the state can evolve, and sentences are gates within a circuit which update the meaning of words. Like in DisCoCat, word meanings can live in a variety of spaces e.g. propositional, vectorial, or cognitive. The compositional structure are string diagrams representing information flows, and an entire text yields a single string diagram in which word meanings lift to the meaning of an entire text. While the developments in this paper are independent of a physical embodiment (cf. classical vs. quantum computing), both the compositional formalism and suggested meaning model are highly quantum-inspired, and implementation on a quantum computer would come with a range of benefits. We also praise Jim Lambek for his role in mathematical linguistics in general, and the development of the DisCo program more specifically.

**Split Batch Normalization: Improving Semi-Supervised Learning under Domain Shift**

Recent work has shown that using unlabeled data in semi-supervised learning is not always beneficial and can even hurt generalization, especially when there is a class mismatch between the unlabeled and labeled examples. We investigate this phenomenon for image classification on the CIFAR-10 and the ImageNet datasets, and with many other forms of domain shifts applied (e.g. salt-and-pepper noise). Our main contribution is Split Batch Normalization (Split-BN), a technique to improve SSL when the additional unlabeled data comes from a shifted distribution. We achieve it by using separate batch normalization statistics for unlabeled examples. Due to its simplicity, we recommend it as a standard practice. Finally, we analyse how domain shift affects the SSL training process. In particular, we find that during training the statistics of hidden activations in late layers become markedly different between the unlabeled and the labeled examples.

**Instance-Level Meta Normalization**

**A Bayesian Theory of Change Detection in Statistically Periodic Random Processes**

A new class of stochastic processes called independent and periodically identically distributed (i.p.i.d.) processes is defined to capture periodically varying statistical behavior. A novel Bayesian theory is developed for detecting a change in the distribution of an i.p.i.d. process. It is shown that the Bayesian change point problem can be expressed as a problem of optimal control of a Markov decision process (MDP) with periodic transition and cost structures. Optimal control theory is developed for periodic MDPs for discounted and undiscounted total cost criteria. A fixed-point equation is obtained that is satisfied by the optimal cost function. It is shown that the optimal policy for the MDP is nonstationary but periodic in nature. A value iteration algorithm is obtained to compute the optimal cost function. The results from the MDP theory are then applied to detect changes in i.p.i.d. processes. It is shown that while the optimal change point algorithm is a stopping rule based on a periodic sequence of thresholds, a single-threshold policy is asymptotically optimal, as the probability of false alarm goes to zero. Numerical results are provided to demonstrate that the asymptotically optimal policy is not strictly optimal.

**Randomised Bayesian Least-Squares Policy Iteration**

We introduce Bayesian least-squares policy iteration (BLSPI), an off-policy, model-free, policy iteration algorithm that uses the Bayesian least-squares temporal-difference (BLSTD) learning algorithm to evaluate policies. An online variant of BLSPI has been also proposed, called randomised Bayesian least-squares policy iteration (RBLSPI), that improves its policy based on an incomplete policy evaluation step. In online setting, the exploration-exploitation dilemma should be addressed as we try to discover the optimal policy by using samples collected by ourselves. RBLSPI exploits the advantage of BLSTD to quantify our uncertainty about the value function. Inspired by Thompson sampling, RBLSPI first samples a value function from a posterior distribution over value functions, and then selects actions based on the sampled value function. The effectiveness and the exploration abilities of RBLSPI are demonstrated experimentally in several environments.

**Network Models from Petri Nets with Catalysts**

Petri networks and network models are two frameworks for the compositional design of systems of interacting entities. Here we show how to combine them using the concept of a ‘catalyst’: an entity that is neither destroyed nor created by any process it engages in. In a Petri net, a place is a catalyst if its in-degree equals its out-degree for every transition. We show how a Petri net with a chosen set of catalysts gives a network model. This network model maps any list of catalysts from the chosen set to the category whose morphisms are all the processes enabled by this list of catalysts. Applying the Grothendieck construction, we obtain a category fibered over the category whose objects are lists of catalysts. This category has as morphisms all processes enabled by some list of catalysts. While this category has a symmetric monoidal structure that describes doing processes in parallel, its fibers also have non-symmetric monoidal structures that describe doing one process and then another while reusing the catalysts.

**Fast Supervised Discrete Hashing**

Learning-based hashing algorithms are “hot topics’ because they can greatly increase the scale at which existing methods operate. In this paper, we propose a new learning-based hashing method called “fast supervised discrete hashing’ (FSDH) based on “supervised discrete hashing’ (SDH). Regressing the training examples (or hash code) to the corresponding class labels is widely used in ordinary least squares regression. Rather than adopting this method, FSDH uses a very simple yet effective regression of the class labels of training examples to the corresponding hash code to accelerate the algorithm. To the best of our knowledge, this strategy has not previously been used for hashing. Traditional SDH decomposes the optimization into three sub-problems, with the most critical sub-problem – discrete optimization for binary hash codes – solved using iterative discrete cyclic coordinate descent (DCC), which is time-consuming. However, FSDH has a closed-form solution and only requires a single rather than iterative hash code-solving step, which is highly efficient. Furthermore, FSDH is usually faster than SDH for solving the projection matrix for least squares regression, making FSDH generally faster than SDH. For example, our results show that FSDH is about 12-times faster than SDH when the number of hashing bits is 128 on the CIFAR-10 data base, and FSDH is about 151-times faster than FastHash when the number of hashing bits is 64 on the MNIST data-base. Our experimental results show that FSDH is not only fast, but also outperforms other comparative methods.

**Statistical Meaning of Mean Functions**

The basic properties of the Fisher information allow to reveal the statistical meaning of classical inequalities between mean functions. The properties applied to scale mixtures of Gaussian distributions lead to a new mean function of purely statistical origin, unrelated to the classical arithmetic, geometric, and harmonic means. We call it the informational mean and show that when the arguments of the mean functions are Hermitian positive definite matrices, not necessarily commuting, the informational mean lies between the arithmetic and harmonic means, playing, in a sense, the role of the geometric mean that cannot be correctly defined in case of non-commuting matrices.\\ Surprisingly the monotonicity and additivity properties of the Fisher information lead to a new generalization of the classical inequality between the arithmetic and harmonic means.

**Image and Video Compression with Neural Networks: A Review**

In recent years, the image and video coding technologies have advanced by leaps and bounds. However, due to the popularization of image and video acquisition devices, the growth rate of image and video data is far beyond the improvement of the compression ratio. In particular, it has been widely recognized that there are increasing challenges of pursuing further coding performance improvement within the traditional hybrid coding framework. Deep convolution neural network (CNN) which makes the neural network resurge in recent years and has achieved great success in both artificial intelligent and signal processing fields, also provides a novel and promising solution for image and video compression. In this paper, we provide a systematic, comprehensive and up-to-date review of neural network based image and video compression techniques. The evolution and development of neural network based compression methodologies are introduced for images and video respectively. More specifically, the cutting-edge video coding techniques by leveraging deep learning and HEVC framework are presented and discussed, which promote the state-of-the-art video coding performance substantially. Moreover, the end-to-end image and video coding frameworks based on neural networks are also reviewed, revealing interesting explorations on next generation image and video coding frameworks/standards. The most significant research works on the image and video coding related topics using neural networks are highlighted, and future trends are also envisioned. In particular, the joint compression on semantic and visual information is tentatively explored to formulate high efficiency signal representation structure for both human vision and machine vision, which are the two dominant signal receptor in the age of artificial intelligence.

**Adaptively Connected Neural Networks**

**BriskStream: Scaling Data Stream Processing on Shared-Memory Multicore Architectures**

We introduce BriskStream, an in-memory data stream processing system (DSPSs) specifically designed for modern shared-memory multicore architectures. BriskStream’s key contribution is an execution plan optimization paradigm, namely RLAS, which takes relative-location (i.e., NUMA distance) of each pair of producer-consumer operators into consideration. We propose a branch and bound based approach with three heuristics to resolve the resulting nontrivial optimization problem. The experimental evaluations demonstrate that BriskStream yields much higher throughput and better scalability than existing DSPSs on multi-core architectures when processing different types of workloads.

**Extending planning knowledge using ontologies for goal opportunities**

Approaches to goal-directed behaviour including online planning and opportunistic planning tackle a change in the environment by generating alternative goals to avoid failures or seize opportunities. However, current approaches only address unanticipated changes related to objects or object types already defined in the planning task that is being solved. This article describes a domain-independent approach that advances the state of the art by extending the knowledge of a planning task with relevant objects of new types. The approach draws upon the use of ontologies, semantic measures, and ontology alignment to accommodate newly acquired data that trigger the formulation of goal opportunities inducing a better-valued plan.

**Normalized Diversification**

Generating diverse yet specific data is the goal of the generative adversarial network (GAN), but it suffers from the problem of mode collapse. We introduce the concept of normalized diversity which forced the model to preserve the normalized pairwise distance between the sparse samples from a latent parametric distribution and their corresponding high-dimensional outputs. The normalized diversification aims to unfold the manifold of unknown topology and non-uniform distribution, which leads to safe interpolation between valid latent variables. By alternating the maximization over the pairwise distance and updating the total distance (normalizer), we encourage the model to actively explore in the high-dimensional output space. We demonstrate that by combining the normalized diversity loss and the adversarial loss, we generate diverse data without suffering from mode collapsing. Experimental results show that our method achieves consistent improvement on unsupervised image generation, conditional image generation and hand pose estimation over strong baselines.

**On The Power of Curriculum Learning in Training Deep Networks**

Training neural networks is traditionally done by providing a sequence of random mini-batches sampled uniformly from the entire training data. In this work, we analyze the effects of curriculum learning, which involves the dynamic non-uniform sampling of mini-batches, on the training of deep networks, and specifically CNNs trained on image recognition. To employ curriculum learning, the training algorithm must resolve 2 problems: (i) sort the training examples by difficulty; (ii) compute a series of mini-batches that exhibit an increasing level of difficulty. We address challenge (i) using two methods: transfer learning from some competitive ‘teacher’ network, and bootstrapping. We show that both methods show similar benefits in terms of increased learning speed and improved final performance on test data. We address challenge (ii) by investigating different pacing functions to guide the sampling. The empirical investigation includes a variety of network architectures, using images from CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100 and subsets of ImageNet. We conclude with a novel theoretical analysis of curriculum learning, where we show how it effectively modifies the optimization landscape. We then define the concept of an ideal curriculum, and show that under mild conditions it does not change the corresponding global minimum of the optimization function.

**A Theory of Information overload applied to perfectly efficient financial markets**

Before the massive spread of computer technology, information was far from complex. The development of technology shifted the paradigm: from individuals who faced scarce and costly information to individuals who face massive amounts of information accessible at low costs. Nowadays we are living in the era of big data and investors deal every day with a huge flow of information. In the spirit of the modern idea that economic agents have limited computational capacity, we propose an original model using information overload to show how too much information could cause financial markets to depart from the traditional assumption of informational efficiency. We show that when information tends to infinite, the efficient market hypothesis ceases to be true. This happens also for lower levels of information, when the use of the maximum amount of information is not optimal for investors. The present work can be a stimulus to consider more realistic economic models and it can be further deepened including other realistic features present in financial markets, such as information asymmetry or noise in the transmission of information.

**Unsupervised Dialog Structure Learning**

Learning a shared dialog structure from a set of task-oriented dialogs is an important challenge in computational linguistics. The learned dialog structure can shed light on how to analyze human dialogs, and more importantly contribute to the design and evaluation of dialog systems. We propose to extract dialog structures using a modified VRNN model with discrete latent vectors. Different from existing HMM-based models, our model is based on variational-autoencoder (VAE). Such model is able to capture more dynamics in dialogs beyond the surface forms of the language. We find that qualitatively, our method extracts meaningful dialog structure, and quantitatively, outperforms previous models on the ability to predict unseen data. We further evaluate the model’s effectiveness in a downstream task, the dialog system building task. Experiments show that, by integrating the learned dialog structure into the reward function design, the model converges faster and to a better outcome in a reinforcement learning setting.

**Information Bottleneck and its Applications in Deep Learning**

Information Theory (IT) has been used in Machine Learning (ML) from early days of this field. In the last decade, advances in Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) have led to surprising improvements in many applications of ML. The result has been a paradigm shift in the community toward revisiting previous ideas and applications in this new framework. Ideas from IT are no exception. One of the ideas which is being revisited by many researchers in this new era, is Information Bottleneck (IB); a formulation of information extraction based on IT. The IB is promising in both analyzing and improving DNNs. The goal of this survey is to review the IB concept and demonstrate its applications in deep learning. The information theoretic nature of IB, makes it also a good candidate in showing the more general concept of how IT can be used in ML. Two important concepts are highlighted in this narrative on the subject, i) the concise and universal view that IT provides on seemingly unrelated methods of ML, demonstrated by explaining how IB relates to minimal sufficient statistics, stochastic gradient descent, and variational auto-encoders, and ii) the common technical mistakes and problems caused by applying ideas from IT, which is discussed by a careful study of some recent methods suffering from them.

**JumpReLU: A Retrofit Defense Strategy for Adversarial Attacks**

It has been demonstrated that very simple attacks can fool highly-sophisticated neural network architectures. In particular, so-called adversarial examples, constructed from perturbations of input data that are small or imperceptible to humans but lead to different predictions, may lead to an enormous risk in certain critical applications. In light of this, there has been a great deal of work on developing adversarial training strategies to improve model robustness. These training strategies are very expensive, in both human and computational time. To complement these approaches, we propose a very simple and inexpensive strategy which can be used to “retrofit” a previously-trained network to improve its resilience to adversarial attacks. More concretely, we propose a new activation function—the JumpReLU—which, when used in place of a ReLU in an already-trained model, leads to a trade-off between predictive accuracy and robustness. This trade-off is controlled by the jump size, a hyper-parameter which can be tuned during the validation stage. Our empirical results demonstrate that this increases model robustness, protecting against adversarial attacks with substantially increased levels of perturbations. This is accomplished simply by retrofitting existing networks with our JumpReLU activation function, without the need for retraining the model. Additionally, we demonstrate that adversarially trained (robust) models can greatly benefit from retrofitting.

**Resource Constrained Neural Network Architecture Search**

The design of neural network architectures is frequently either based on human expertise using trial/error and empirical feedback or tackled via large scale reinforcement learning strategies run over distinct discrete architecture choices. In the latter case, the optimization task is non-differentiable and also not very amenable to derivative-free optimization methods. Most methods in use today require exorbitant computational resources. And if we want networks that additionally satisfy resource constraints, the above challenges are exacerbated because the search procedure must now balance accuracy with certain budget constraints on resources. We formulate this problem as the optimization of a set function – we find that the empirical behavior of this set function often (but not always) satisfies marginal gain and monotonicity principles – properties central to the idea of submodularity. Based on this observation, we adapt algorithms that are well-known within discrete optimization to obtain heuristic schemes for neural network architecture search, with resource constraints on the architecture. This simple scheme when applied on CIFAR-100 and ImageNet, identifies resource-constrained architectures with quantifiably better performance than current state-of-the-art models designed for mobile devices. Specifically, we find high-performing architectures with fewer parameters and computations by a search method that is much faster.

**Scaling Stream Processing with Transactional State Management on Multicores**

Transactional state management relieves users from managing state consistency during stream processing by themselves. This paper introduces TStream, a highly scalable data stream processing system (DSPS) with built-in transactional state management. TStream is specifically designed for modern shared-memory multicore architectures. TStream’s key contribution is a novel asynchronous state transaction processing paradigm. By detaching and postponing state accesses from the stream application computation logic, TStream minimizes unnecessary stalls caused by state management in stream processing. The postponed state accesses naturally form a batch, and we further propose an operation-chain based execution model that aggressively extracts parallelism opportunities within each batch of state access operations guaranteeing consistency without locks. To confirm the effectiveness of our proposal, we compared TStream against four alternative designs on a 40-core machine. Our extensive experiment study show that TStream yields much higher throughput and scalability with limited latency penalty when processing different types of workloads.





### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

