---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Vectorizing functions in R is easy
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/fpRZJEhNsUI/
date:      2019-04-16
author:      Roman Luštrik
tags:
    - samples
    - pattern
    - functions
    - regular
    - vectorized
---





Imagine you have a function that only takes one argument, but you would really like to work on a vector of values. A short example on how function `Vectorize()` can accomplish this. Let’s say we have a `data.frame`

and you want to subset only samples that start with `C_pre` or `T_pre`. Of course you can construct a nice regular expression, implement an anonymouse function using `lapply`/`sapply` or use one of those fancy tidyverse functions.

A long winded way would be to find matches using regular expression for each level, combine them and subset. This is for pedagogical reasons, so please bare with me.

The same can be achieved using a *vectorized* version of the `grepl` function. We designate which argument exactly is being vectorized, in our case `pattern` because that’s the argument that is varying.

Here we use function `Vectorize` and we tell it to vectorize argument `pattern`. What this will do is run the `grepl` function for any element of the vector we pass in, just like we did in the `i.ind` objects a few lines above.

This would be an equivalent of doing it using an anonymouse function

While this can be somewhat verbose, you can use `vgrepl` as you would use `grepl`, with the minor detail that you pass a whole vector to `pattern` instead of a single regular expression.


*Related*








---
