---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Setting up continuous multi-platform R package building, checking and testing with R-Hub, Docker and GitLab CI/CD for free, with a working example
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/4wzP2FBS_QQ/
date:      2019-04-27
author:      Jozef&#039;s Rblog
tags:
    - platforms
    - checking
    - rhub
    - r package
    - running checks
---

CI/CD running checks on multiple platforms with R-hub

## Getting started with R-hub

Getting started with R-hub is also very simple and can be achieved in 3 lines of code, from a package directory or an RStudio project for a package:

```
# Install the package
install.packages("rhub")

# Validate your e-mail address
# Provide the email argument if not detected automatically
rhub::validate_email()

# In an interactive session, 
# this will offer a list of platforms to choose from
cr <- rhub::check()
```

Your `validated_emails.csv` should be saved into `rappdirs::user_data_dir("rhub", "rhub")` directory once `validate_email()` was run successfully.

> 
For more details on getting started, the Get started with rhub post has you covered in detail.


For continuous integration purposes, we may want to evaluate the results of the check based on the number of errors, warnings, and notes that the check gives for each platform. To achieve this goal, we need to tackle 2 issues:

## Getting the results in a non-interactive context

In a non-interactive session, R-hub will run the check asynchronously and end our process used to request the service to free up resources. This is great but can pose some challenges in the CI context, as we would have to keep around a job to repeatedly query the R-hub job’s status and processing the results once done. Or implement a much smarter reporting solution.

Luckily, since for this purpose maximizing efficiency is not our top concern, the simple workaround is to execute the check as-if in an interactive session via the CI tool. This will provide us with the actual results of the check as soon as done and also write the log into our CI’s run log, at the obvious cost of having the process blocked while waiting for the check to finish on R-hub’s servers.

## Processing the check results

The public methods for an `rhub_check` object currently seem to provide only side-effecting results such as printing them in various levels of detail and returning `self`, so investigating results via code may be challenging.

The simplest current solution is to use the object’s private fields to access the results in the desired format. The below example looks at the `status_` private field and returns a data frame with the number of errors, warnings, and notes for each. For an object containing only 1 check result it can look as follows:

```
statuses <- cr[[".__enclos_env__"]][["private"]][["status_"]]
res <- do.call(rbind, lapply(statuses, function(thisStatus) {
 data.frame(
 plaform = thisStatus[["platform"]][["name"]],
 errors = length(thisStatus[["result"]][["errors"]]),
 warnings = length(thisStatus[["result"]][["warnings"]]),
 notes = length(thisStatus[["result"]][["notes"]]),
 stringsAsFactors = FALSE
 )
}))
res
```

```
## plaform errors warnings notes
## 1 debian-gcc-release 0 0 0
```

Now we have a data frame which we can use to signal the CI/CD job to succeed or fail based on our wishes. For example, if we want to fail if the check discovered any notes, warnings or errors, a simple statement like the following will suffice:

```
if (any(colSums(res[2L:4L]) > 0)) {
 stop("Some checks resulted in errors, warnings or notes.")
}
```

## Putting it together into a script

Now that we have solved the above challenges, we can put it all together into a script that can be later used in the context of a CI/CD job:

```
# Retrieve passed command line arguments
args <- commandArgs(trailingOnly = TRUE)
if (length(args) != 1L) {
 stop("Incorrect number of args, needs 1: platform (string)")
}
platform <- args[[1L]]

# Check if passed platform is valid 
if (!is.element(platform, rhub::platforms()[[1L]])) {
 stop(paste(
 "Given platform not in rhub::platforms()[[1L]]:",
 platform
 ))
}

# Run the check on the selected platform
# Use show_status = TRUE to wait for results
cr <- rhub::check(platform = platform, show_status = TRUE)

# Get the statuses from private field status_
statuses <- cr[[".__enclos_env__"]][["private"]][["status_"]]

# Create and print a data frame with results
res <- do.call(rbind, lapply(statuses, function(thisStatus) {
 data.frame(
 plaform = thisStatus[["platform"]][["name"]],
 errors = length(thisStatus[["result"]][["errors"]]),
 warnings = length(thisStatus[["result"]][["warnings"]]),
 notes = length(thisStatus[["result"]][["notes"]]),
 stringsAsFactors = FALSE
 )
}))
print(res)

# Fail if any errors, warnings or notes found
if (any(colSums(res[2L:4L]) > 0)) {
 stop("Some checks had errors, warnings or notes. See above for details.")
}
```

> 
If you are new to Docker, Colin Fay has you covered with his Introduction to Docker for R Users blog post.


## Creating and testing an image

Thanks to all the hard work done by the maintainers of the Rocker images, our task with creating an image suitable for use with R hub is very simple. Essentially we only need 2 additions to the r-base image:

1. The `rhub` package and a few system dependencies

1. A `validated_emails.csv` file placed into the correct directory, providing R-hub with the information on validated e-mail to use for the checks


The following Dockerfile can be used the create such an image for yourself. Just make sure you have your `validated_emails.csv` file present in the `resources` folder when running `docker build`.

To test our docker image, we can use a command like the following to create a container and run R within it in an interactive session:

```
docker run --rm -it /: R
```

Now we can see the list of validated e-mails in that R session:

```
rhub::list_validated_emails()
```

```
## email token
## 1 [email protected] 00000000000000000000
```

## Pushing the image into a private repository

Now that we have our image created, we need to push it to a repository for GitLab CI to be able to use it. Normally this is very simple:

```
docker push /:
```

However as we are storing some relatively sensitive data in our image, namely our R-hub token we should probably make this image private. Thanks to Dockerhub, this process is very easy – just click the proper buttons as shown in this post in the Dockerhub docs. Note that for free a Dockerhub user has only 1 private repository available.

> 
For an introduction to using GitLab CI/CD for R work, look at the previous post on How to easily automate R analysis, modeling and development work using CI/CD, with working examples


## Setting up a pipeline with .gitlab-ci.yml

Now, we are ready with our private Docker image and the script to run and evaluate our R-hub checks, all that is left is to create and setup a CI/CD pipeline. For GitLab CI/CD, this means creating a `.gitlab-ci.yml` file in the root of our GitLab repository directory. Without much extra talk, that file can look as follows:

```
image: index.docker.io/jozefhajnala/rhub:rbase

stages:
 - check

variables:
 _R_CHECK_CRAN_INCOMING_: "false"
 _R_CHECK_FORCE_SUGGESTS_: "true"

before_script:
 - apt-get update

check_ubuntu:
 stage: check
 script:
 - Rscript inst/rhubcheck.R "ubuntu-gcc-release"

check_fedora:
 stage: check
 script:
 - Rscript inst/rhubcheck.R "fedora-clang-devel"

check_mswin:
 stage: check
 script:
 - Rscript inst/rhubcheck.R "windows-x86_64-devel"

check_macos:
 stage: check
 script:
 - Rscript inst/rhubcheck.R "macos-elcapitan-release"
```

This file will make sure that:

1. The CI/CD jobs start from the image we have created

1. Will have one stage named `check`

1. Set a couple of environment variables for R

1. Run three jobs `check_ubuntu`, `check_fedora`, `check_mswin`, and `check_macos` – each of them by using `Rscript` to execute an R script stored under `inst/rhubcheck.R`, with different arguments specifying the platform to check on


Creating CI/CD variable with GitLab

The variable name should be `DOCKER_AUTH_CONFIG` and the value:

```
{
 "auths": {
 "registry.example.com:5000": {
 "auth": "bXlfdXNlcm5hbWU6bXlfcGFzc3dvcmQ="
 }
 }
}
```

Where

- `"registry.example.com:5000"` is replaced by our registry, for example `"index.docker.io"`

- the value for `"auth"` is replaced by a base64-encoded version of our `":"`, which we can retrieve for example using R:


```
base64enc::base64encode(charToRaw("my_username:my_password"))
```

```
## [1] "bXlfdXNlcm5hbWU6bXlfcGFzc3dvcmQ="
```

And that is all! We are now ready to run our checks using a Docker image stored in a private repository. Once we push the `.gitlab-ci.yml` and `inst/rhubcheck.R` files to a GitLab repository, the pipeline will be automatically executed every time we push a commit to that repository.

In case you are only interested in seeing the CI/CD pipeline with R-hub implemented for an R package, look at:


*Related*








---
