---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Difference Between A Data Scientist and Statistician
subtitle:      转载自：https://dimensionless.in/difference-between-the-data-scientist-and-statistician/
date:      2019-04-22
author:      Kartik Singh
tags:
    - statistics
    - statistical models
    - learning
    - helping
    - statisticians
---

### Introduction

The growth of data has been exponential. According to an IBM report, 2.5 quintillion bytes of data are created per day. This has created a new class of professionals — data scientists. The question is, is data science another ‘hot’ job or a new form of science? In the Hollywood movie *21*, six students, brilliant with numbers, make money at the blackjack tables of Las Vegas casinos by using numbers, codes, and hand gestures. Can we call them data scientists?

In this blog, we are going to understand the difference between data scientists and a statistician. This will help us in understanding the subtle differences between the two!

###  

### Who is a Data Scientist?

A data scientist is someone who is better at statistics than any software engineer and better at software engineering than any statistician. Data scientists generally analyze big data or data repositories that are maintained throughout an organization or website’s existence but are of virtually no use as far strategic or monetary benefit is concerned. Data scientists are equipped with statistical models and analyze past and current data from such data stores to derive recommendations and suggestions for optimal business decision making.

Data scientists are mainly part of the marketing and planning process to identify useful insights and derive statistical data for planning, executing and monitoring result-driven marketing strategies.

###  

### Who is a Statistician?

Statisticians collect data and analyze it, looking for patterns that explain behaviour or describe the world as it is. They design and build models using data. The models can be used to help understand the world and to make predictions.

It is proven that the celebration of birthdays is healthy. Statistics show that those people who celebrate the most birthdays become the oldest.

A statistician develops and applies statistical or mathematical theories to obtain and summarize useful information to help solve real-world problems. They collect and analyze data and use it in several industries, such as engineering, science, and business. The numerical data collected helps companies or clients understand quantitative data and track or predict potential trends that can be beneficial in making business decisions.

###  

### Difference in Skills

####  

#### Data Scientist

**1. Education**

Data scientists are highly educated — 88% have at least a Master’s degree and 46% have PhDs — and while there are notable exceptions, a very strong educational background is usually required to develop the depth of knowledge necessary to be a data scientist. 

**2. R Programming**

In-depth knowledge of at least one of these analytical tools, for data science R is generally preferred. R is specifically designed for data science needs. You can use R to solve any problem you encounter in data science. In fact, 43 per cent of data scientists are using R to solve statistical problems. However, R has a steep learning curve.

**3. Python Coding**

Python is the most common coding language I typically see required in data science roles, along with Java, Perl, or C/C++. Python is a great programming language for data scientists. 

**4. Hadoop Platform**

Although this isn’t always a requirement, it is heavily preferred in many cases. Having experience with Hive or Pig is also a strong selling point. Familiarity with cloud tools such as Amazon S3 can also be beneficial.

**5. SQL Database/Coding**

You need to be proficient in SQL as a data scientist. This is because SQL is specifically designed to help you access, communicate and work on data. It gives you insights when you use it to query a database. It has concise commands that can help you to save time and lessen the amount of programming you need to perform difficult queries. 

**7. Machine Learning and AI**

A large number of data scientists are not proficient in machine learning areas and techniques. This includes neural networks, reinforcement learning, adversarial learning, etc. If you want to stand out from other data scientists, you need to know Machine learning techniques such as supervised machine learning, decision trees, logistic regression etc. 

**8. Data Visualization**

The business world produces a vast amount of data frequently. This data needs to be translated into a format that will be easy to comprehend. People naturally understand pictures in forms of charts and graphs more than raw data. An idiom says “A picture is worth a thousand words”.

**9. Unstructured Data**

It is critical that a data scientist be able to work with unstructured data. Unstructured data are undefined content that does not fit into database tables. Examples include videos, blog posts, customer reviews, social media posts, video feeds, audio etc.

**11. Business Acumen**

To be a data scientist you’ll need a solid understanding of the industry you’re working in, and know what business problems your company is trying to solve.

**12. Communication Skills**

Companies searching for a strong data scientist are looking for someone who can clearly and fluently translate their technical findings to a non-technical team, such as the Marketing or Sales departments. 

####  

#### Statisticians

**1. Deep theoretical knowledge in Probability and Inference**

**2. Numerical Skills**: This skill reflects the person’s general intelligence and its development ensures at a great extent the attainment of organizational goals.

**3. Analytical Skills**: Analytical skills refer to the ability to collect and analyze information, problem-solve, and make decisions. These strengths can help solve a company’s problems and improve their overall productivity and success.

**4. Written and Verbal Communication Skill**

**5. Good Interpersonal Skills**: Interpersonal skills are the qualities and behaviours we exhibit while interacting with other people. They are considered to be one of the most sought after types of soft skills. We demonstrate them whenever we engage in any kind of verbal or nonverbal communication. In fact, qualities as basic as body language and attitude towards others greatly affect our chances of excelling at work.

###  

### Difference in Tools

####  

#### **Tools of a statistician**

##### 1. SPSS (IBM)

SPSS, (Statistical Package for the Social Sciences) is perhaps the most widely used statistical software package within human behaviour research. SPSS offers the ability to easily compile descriptive statistics, parametric and non-parametric analyses, as well as graphical depictions of results through the graphical user interface (GUI). It also includes the option to create scripts to automate analysis or to carry out more advanced statistical processing.

##### 2. R (R Foundation for Statistical Computing)

R is a free statistical software package that is widely used across both human behaviour research and in other fields. Toolboxes (essential plugins) are available for a great range of applications, which can simplify various aspects of data processing. While R is very powerful software, it also has a steep learning curve, requiring a certain degree of coding. It does, however, come with an active community engaged in building and improving R and the associated plugins, which ensures that help is never too far away.

##### 3. MATLAB (The Mathworks)

MatLab is an analytical platform and programming language that is widely used by engineers and scientists. As with R, the learning path is steep, and you will be required to create your own code at some point. A plentiful amount of toolboxes are also available to help answer your research questions (such as EEGLab for analysing EEG data). While MatLab can be difficult to use for novices, it offers a massive amount of flexibility in terms of what you want to do — as long as you can code it (or at least operate the toolbox you require).

##### 4. Microsoft Excel

While not a cutting-edge solution for statistical analysis, MS Excel does offer a wide variety of tools for data visualization and simple statistics. It’s simple to generate summary metrics and customizable graphics and figures, making it a useful tool for many who want to see the basics of their data. As many individuals and companies both own and know how to use Excel, it also makes it an accessible option for those looking to get started with statistics.

##### 5. SAS (Statistical Analysis Software)

SAS is a statistical analysis platform that offers options to use either the GUI or to create scripts for more advanced analyses. It is a premium solution that is widely used in business, healthcare, and human behaviour research alike. It’s possible to carry out advanced analyses and produce publication-worthy graphs and charts, although the coding can also be a difficult adjustment for those not used to this approach.

##### 6. GraphPad Prism

GraphPad Prism is premium software primarily used within statistics related to biology but offers a range of capabilities that can be used across various fields. Similar to SPSS, scripting options are available to automate analyses, or carry out more complex statistical calculations, but the majority of the work can be completed through the GUI.

##### 7. Minitab

The Minitab software offers a range of both basic and fairly advanced statistical tools for data analysis. Similar to GraphPad Prism, commands can be executed through both the GUI and scripted commands, making it accessible to novices as well as users looking to carry out more complex analyses.

####  

#### Tools of a Data Scientist

**1. R**: R is a free software environment for statistical computing and graphics. It compiles and runs on a wide variety of UNIX platforms, Windows and MacOS

**2. Python**: Python is a popular programming language. It was created by Guido van Rossum, and released in 1991. It is used for: web development (server-side), software development, mathematics, system scripting.

**3. Julia**: Julia was designed from the beginning for high performance. Julia programs compile to efficient native code for multiple platforms via LLVM. Julia is dynamically-typed, feels like a scripting language, and has good support for interactive use.

**4. Tableau**: Tableau is one of the most fast-growing data visualization tools which is currently being used in the BI industry. It is the best way to change or transform the raw set of data into an easily understandable format with zero technical skills and coding knowledge.

**5. QlikView**: QlikView is a leading Business Discovery Platform. It is unique in many ways as compared to the traditional BI platforms. As a data analysis tool, it always maintains the relationship between the data and this relationship can be seen visually using colours. It also shows the data that are not related. It provides both direct and indirect searches by using individual searches in the list boxes.

**6. AWS**: Amazon Web Services (AWS) is a secure cloud services platform, offering to compute power, database storage, content delivery and other functionality to help businesses scale and grow. Explore how millions of customers are currently leveraging AWS cloud products and solutions to build sophisticated applications with increased flexibility, scalability and reliability.

**7. Spark**: Apache Spark is a fast and general-purpose cluster computing system. It provides high-level APIs in Java, Scala, Python and R, and an optimized engine that supports general execution graphs. It also supports a rich set of higher-level tools including Spark SQL for SQL and structured data processing, MLlib for machine learning, GraphX for graph processing, and Spark Streaming.

**8. RapidMiner**: RapidMiner is a data science software platform developed by the company of the same name that provides an integrated environment for data preparation, machine learning, deep learning, text mining, and predictive analytics. It is used for business and commercial applications as well as for research, education, training, rapid prototyping, and application development and supports all steps of the machine learning process including data preparation, result visualization, model validation and optimization

**9. Databricks**: DataBricks was created for data scientists, engineers and analysts to help users integrate the fields of data    science, engineering and the business behind them across the machine learning lifecycle. This integration helps to ease the processes from data preparation to experimentation and machine learning application deployment.

###  

### Difference in Salary

Data science jobs are not just more common than statistics jobs. They are also more lucrative. According to Glass Door, the national average salary for a data scientist is $118,709 compared to $75,069 for statisticians. A data scientist is a one-stop solution for business. Usually, the data scientist can get an open-ended problem, figure out what data they need, get the date, do the modelling/analysis, write good code to do this, get the results and report back to business.

###  

### Career Path

####  

#### Statistician Career Path

**1. Statistical Analyst.** Statistical analysts typically conduct data analyses, under the supervision of an applied or senior statistician or a knowledgeable practitioner, who might also serve as a mentor and role model. Over time, many statistical analysts strive to move from principally “backroom” positions to taking on increasingly more responsibility, conducting more advanced technical tasks, and working more independently.

**2. Applied Statistician.** Applied statisticians bear primary responsibility for everything from helping ensure the right data are collected to analyzing the data (or directing such analyses) and reporting the findings. They interact closely with other technical staff and management and, ideally, are integral members of the project team.

**3. Senior Statistician.** Senior statisticians, in addition to taking on the roles of applied statisticians, also assume broader responsibilities. They look at problems holistically and strive to relate them to the general goals of the organization. Senior statisticians play a proactive role in proposing new projects and ventures that will benefit their organizations or customers in the future. They are often deeply involved in the early stages of a project, helping define a problem quantitatively and suggesting the path forward to senior management. Later, they participate in putting together and presenting the findings. They are often considered the ultimate source of knowledge and wisdom in statistical matters.

**4. Statistical Manager.** Managers of statistical groups are involved in securing projects — especially for the junior members of the group — and help define what is to be accomplished. They select the person(s) to do the work, provide guidance as needed, and assume overall responsibility for success. They also keep upper management informed of the group’s technical accomplishments, help foster the interests and aspirations of the group members, and develop a vision for the future. Their administrative responsibilities include staff recruitment and development and performance evaluations. The number of such positions is limited.

**5. Private Statistical Consultant.** Some applied statisticians eventually go into business on their own as private statistical consultants. Consultants undertake special projects, often for organizations that do not have their own statistician or review the work of practitioners or other statisticians. Frequent use of statistical consultants is in addressing legal issues, possibly as expert witnesses.

####  

#### Data Scientist Career Path

**1. Data Scientists:**There are data scientists who fine-tune the statistical and mathematical models that are applied to data. When somebody is applying their theoretical knowledge of statistics and algorithms to find the best way to solve a data science problem, they are filling the role of a data scientist. When somebody builds a model to predict the number of credit card defaults in the next month, they are wearing the data scientist hat. A data scientist will be able to take a business problem and translate it to a data question, create predictive models to answer the question and storytelling about the findings. Statisticians that focus on implementing statistical approaches to data, and data managers who focus on running data science teams tend to fall in the data scientist role. Data scientists are the bridge between the programming and implementation of data science, the theory of data science, and the business implications of data.

**2. Data Engineers:**There are data engineers, who rely mostly on their software engineering experience to handle large amounts of data at scale. These are versatile generalists who use computer science to help process large datasets. They typically focus on coding, cleaning up data sets, and implementing requests that come from data scientists. They typically know a broad variety of programming languages, from Python to Java. When somebody takes the predictive model from the data scientist and implements it in code, they are typically playing the role of a data engineer.

**3. Data Analysts**: Lastly, there are data analysts who look through the data and provide reports and visualizations to explain what insights the data is hiding. When somebody helps people from across the company understand specific queries with charts, they are filling the data analyst role.

###  

### Summary

An excellent analyst is not a shoddy version of the machine learning engineer; their coding style is optimized for speed — on purpose. Nor are they a bad statistician, since they don’t deal at all with uncertainty, they deal with facts. The primary job of the analyst is to say: “Here’s what’s in our data. It’s not my job to talk about what it means, but perhaps it will inspire the decision-maker to pursue the question with a statistician.”

**Follow this link**, if you are looking to **learn more about data science online!**

You can **follow this link for our Big Data course!**

Additionally, if you are having an interest in **learning Data Science, click here to start Best Online Data Science Courses**

Furthermore, if you want to read more about data science, you can **read our blogs here**





 
