---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      ODSC East is selling out; ODSC India announced
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/kdnuggets-data-mining-analytics/~3/KkhTQbtvJIU/odsc-east-selling-out-india-announced.html
date:      2019-04-03
author:      Matt Mayo Editor
tags:
    - odsc
    - keynote
    - register
    - india
    - business
---

ODSC East is starting to**sell out** - Gold level tickets are gone, and our hotel rooms are almost full.

If you're looking to learn from top experts - including 125 PhDs - who are advancing applied data science and AI at ODSC East, your best bets are now either **2-Day Silver** or **4-Day Platinum** tickets.

But hurry - **a limited amount** of tickets still remain, and **20% off ends Friday**!

Click here to register.

---

ODSC East might be selling out, but **ODSC India** is now open for business! **ODSC India 2019** will take place in **Bengaluru, August 7th to 10th**. Ticket sales are live, and we're looking for potential **expert speakers** to submit talk proposals immediately! The deadline for submissions is April 15.

Like each of the ODSC events, ODSC India is for anyone looking to learn how to use the technologies, techniques and models that are leading today's innovation, including: **AI, predictive analytics, natural language processing, autonomous machines, self-driving vehicles, image classification, machine vision, speech recognition, text analysis**, and many others.

Join us at ODSC India 2019 to meet your **colleagues**, **industry leaders**, **partners**, and like-minded **experts**who are advancing these technologies every day.   

---

Can't make it to Boston and can't wait for India? You can still get **every recorded session** to ODSC East with the **Livestream Pass****.**Tune in live for every ODSC keynote and 24 sessions, on Thursday on Friday, and you'll receive hundreds of recorded sessions from ODSC East.
