---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Encryptr now makes it easy to encrypt and decrypt files
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/FgVuMDlQD6I/
date:      2019-04-25
author:      Ewen Harrison
tags:
    - files
    - file_name
    - key
    - csv
    - data
---





Data security is paramount and `encryptr` was written to make this easier for non-experts. Columns of data can be encrypted with a couple of lines of R code, and single cells decrypted as required.

But what was missing was an easy way to encrypt the file source of that data.

Now files can be encrypted with a couple of lines of R code.

Encryption and decryption with asymmetric keys is computationally expensive. This is how `encrypt` for data columns works. This makes it easy for each piece of data in a data frame to be decrypted without compromise of the whole data frame. This works on the presumption that each cell contains less than 245 bytes of data.

File encryption requires a different approach as files are larger in size. `encrypt_file` encrypts a file using a symmetric “session” key and the AES-256 cipher. This key is itself then encrypted using a public key generated using `genkeys`. In OpenSSL this combination is referred to as an envelope.

It should work with any type of single file but not folders.

Documentation is maintained at encrypt-r.org

## Generate keys

## Encrypt file

To demonstrate, the included dataset is written as a `.csv` file.

Important: check that the file can be decrypted prior to removing the original file from your system. 

Warning: it is strongly suggested that the original unencrypted data file is securely stored else where as a back-up in case unencryption is not possible, e.g., the private key file or password is lost

## Decrypt file

The `decrypt_file` function will not allow the original file to be overwritten, therefore if it is still present, use the option to specify a new name for the unencrypted file.

## Support / bugs

The new version 0.1.3 is on its way to CRAN today or you can install from github:

github.com/SurgicalInformatics/encryptr
