---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Ursa Labs March 2019 Report
subtitle:      转载自：http://wesmckinney.com/blog/ursa-labs-march-2019/
date:      2019-04-04
author:      Wes McKinney
tags:
    - arrow
    - builds
    - development
    - developer
    - packages
---





** Thu 04 April 2019

 

The first quarter of 2019 has now wrapped up. In March we spent a good amount
of time focused on getting the 0.13.0 Apache Arrow release out of the door. I
will mention a few development highlights from the month and provide the full
changelog of patches later in the post.

## Development Highlights

We are continuing to set up our **physical build and test cluster** which we'll
use to run integration tests, GPU-enabled builds, benchmark comparisons, and
other automated tests to help with Arrow development.

Some highlights from our work in the Apache Arrow codebase:

**C++ CMake Revamp**: we collaborated with Uwe Korn, Kouhei Sutou, and other
 parts of the Arrow community on a major revamp of the CMake build system for
 C++, with associated improvements and fixes to the downstream packages
**C++ expression algebra**: we have begun prototyping an expression algebra
 to use for query engine development in C++. This work is loosely modeled
 after our prior work in the Ibis project.
**Arrow Flight**: the C++ build dependencies (including gRPC) for the new
 Arrow Flight messaging and RPC framework are now available in conda-forge. We
 have also added a URI library for file paths to our build toolchain to help
 describe network locations and protocols for Flight. We have been working
 closely with Two Sigma and Dremio on this important effort.
**C++ Query Engine Discussions**: we wrote a 10-page discussion
 document for the design of an embeddable Arrow-native analytical query
 engine in C++
**R packaging support**: we are working to get the Arrow R package submitted
 to CRAN for R users
**Gandiva packaging**: Gandiva (LLVM expression compiler) is now shipped in
 the Arrow 0.13.0 Python wheels

We have much work ahead of us and look forward to seeing you on GitHub, JIRA,
and the `dev@arrow.apache.org` developer mailing list.

## Sponsor Acknowledgements

We are grateful to the support of our sponsors:

- RStudio

- NVIDIA AI Labs

- ODSC Conference

- Two Sigma Investments


If you or your company would be interested in sponsoring the work of Ursa Labs,
please contact us at **info@ursalabs.org**.

## Team Changelog

The team had 68 commits merged into Apache Arrow in March. You
can click on the ASF JIRA links to learn more about the discussion on a
particular issue or the commit hash to see each patch.
