---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Distilled News
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/04/17/distilled-news-1041/
date:      2019-04-17
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - data
    - learned
    - learning
    - models
    - modeling
---

**Your Cortex Contains 17 Billion Computers**

Brains receive input from the outside world, their neurons do something to that input, and create an output. That output may be a thought (I want curry for dinner); it may be an action (make curry); it may be a change in mood (yay curry!). Whatever the output, that ‘something’ is a transformation of some form of input (a menu) to output (‘chicken dansak, please’). And if we think of a brain as a device that transforms inputs to outputs then, inexorably, the computer becomes our analogy of choice. For some this analogy is merely a useful rhetorical device; for others it is a serious idea. But the brain isn’t a computer. Each neuron is a computer. Your cortex contains 17 billion computers.

**The GraphTech Ecosystem 2019 – Part 3: Graph visualization**

This post is part of a series of 3 articles about the GraphTech ecosystem. This article is the third and last part. It presents the ecosystem of graph visualization software, applications and libraries. The first part is about the landscape of graph databases and the second part covers the graph analytics ecosystem. You will find at the end of this article, a presentation listing visualization tools for graph data, from development libraries to web application and add-ons.

**AI/ML Lessons for Creating a Platform Strategy – Part 2**

McKinsey says platform companies will represent 30% of global business revenue by next year (2020). In Part 1 of this article we started to lay out some important lessons learned and examples for you to follow. Here are the rest.

**An introduction to explainable AI, and why we need it**

Neural networks (and all of their subtypes) are increasingly being used to build programs that can predict and classify in a myriad of different settings. Examples include machine translation using recurrent neural networks, and image classification using a convolutional neural network. Research published by Google DeepMind has sparked interest in reinforcement learning. All of these approaches have advanced many fields and produced usable models that can improve productivity and efficiency. However, we don’t really know how they work.

**Understanding AI Chatbots, Challenges, Opportunities & Beyond**

Home automation bots in collaboration with Alexa and google assistant can seamlessly help user to order foods, groceries, get all their stuff done. Travel, health, education, agriculture, e-Governance, every Industry Imagine possible are potential use case for these intelligent bots . They can help you sell more, engage your customer, answer your customer queries, educate your customers. So what this chatbot is all about? Is what i would demystify today. We will be covering following key aspects in next few minutes1.What Is Chatbot?2. How It Works?3.What Is The Technology Behind Chatbots ?4. Types Of Chatbots5. Facts & Figures For Chatbots6. Challenges, limitations and opportunitiesSo are you ready to walk along with me .

**Seeding Viral Growth: An Application of Graph Embedding**

Simulating different seeding techniques to maximize information diffusion in a network.

**What are Zero Knowledge Proofs?**

Unless you live off the grid, you use apps that capture, and likely resell, your personal data (like your contact information, interests and preferences). Even if you don’t use apps, your network provider and your phone operating system collect your data. Companies benefit from this data in two ways: by using it to optimize their services to better appeal to you, and to re-sell it to other companies. How can we put people back in control of their data? The issue is that some services genuinely require your data to serve you. For example, it would be difficult to get health insurance without sharing health information with your insurer, or to get a loan without disclosing your credit score. What if there was a way to show that you were in the healthy range on all metrics without sharing your actual health information, or to prove that your credit score was good enough, without disclosing the actual credit score?

**Smart Incentives, Game Theory in Decentralized, Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning Systems**

Throughout history, humans have built many systems that require both autonomous actions and coordinated interactions between its participants. Traffic networks, smart grids or stock markets are examples of these systems that have become fundamental pillars of our societies. The essential characteristic of those systems is that they require their participants to act execute autonomous tasks which impact is seen in a shared environment with other participants. Recreating this type of dynamic in artificial intelligence(AI) agents is extremely challenging. One of those challenges is based on balancing the individual interests of AI agents with the ones of the entire group. Recently, researchers from AI solutions company Prowler, published a paper that details an incentive model for the implementation of multi-agent AI systems. The Prowler research focuses on a deep learning discipline known as multi-agent reinforcement learning(MARL) which has become the state-of-the-art for the implementation of autonomous, multi-agent, self-learning systems.

**Building a realtime NLP pipeline using Kafka and spaCy**

In this tutorial we will build a realtime pipeline using Confluent Kafka, python and a pre-trained NLP library called spaCy. As prerequisites we should have installed docker locally, as we will run the kafka cluster on our machine, and also the python packages spaCy and confluent_kafka -pip install spacy confluent_kafka.

**Even with randomization, mediation analysis can still be confounded**

Randomization is super useful because it usually eliminates the risk that confounding will lead to a biased estimate of a treatment effect. However, this only goes so far. If you are conducting a meditation analysis in the hopes of understanding the underlying causal mechanism of a treatment, it is important to remember that the mediator has not been randomized, only the treatment. This means that the estimated mediation effect is still at risk of being confounded.

**Text can be beautiful**

In this post we will analyse thousands of companies’ Modern Slavery returns to understand what commitments are being made by businesses to prevent Modern Slavery, we will then use advanced visualisation techniques to determine how different industries are responding to the risk of Modern Slavery both internally and in their supply chains.

**A Voice Based Operating System**

How voice assistants can evolve to dominate over us – or not.

**Visualizing ELMo Contextual Vectors**

There are difficulties in word embedding that deals with world senses. No matter how many senses a word has, word embedding method embeds all senses into a single vector representation. This can cause a problem for downstream NLP tasks like document classification. For example, the word bank can refer to a financial institution or a slope land besides water. According to word embedding demo, using a trained model on Google News, the top 5 nearest words of bank in vector space are banks, banking, Bank, lender and banker. We can see that the semantic of bank here means financial institution and does not capture the meaning of a slope land besides water. Therefore, the text ‘Sandy walks along the river bank’ would be misclassified to ‘Financial institution’ class in document classification because the word vector of bank points to the meaning of a financial institution.

**Explaining Document Classifications with Counterfactuals**

Test set metrics may not provide a holistic view of the strengths and weaknesses of a model. Explanations for model predictions help humans understand why the predictions have been made and, in some cases, to consistently predict the model’s result. This is beneficial as;• The customers affected by the decisions can be advised why a certain action regarding them is taken.• It helps managers understand the use cases for which the model works well.• Data scientists can use the explanations to iteratively improve the model.• When the model is an accurate representation of the real world, explanations of model behaviour can improve understanding of the business domain.Moreover, explanations of how decisions are made are sometimes legal or regulatory requirements.

**The World Of Cost Functions – Inclusivity, Majoritarianism And Oligarchy**

Most machine learning problems boil down to fitting a set of observations(points) to some mathematical curve (simplistically referred to as the ‘model’ in machine learning parlance). That yields a compressed representation that can be used for applications including prediction and pattern recognition. The process of fitting typically involves minimising what is called the cost function that is representative of the error in the chosen curve with respect to the observed samples that it attempts to fit. In this article, we will delve deeper into the intriguing world of cost functions, how their choices play a big role in the selection of the model and finally see some mind boggling deeper connections to real world governance models (which will be interesting what with elections in the air!). In this article, we will use the simplest curve fitting problem – linear regression in our journey of understanding these cost functions.

**Feature Engineering and Data Preparation Using Supermarket Sales Data (part 2)**

In the last post, we walked through basic data exploration on our supermarket sales data set. We will be using those important insights and findings in this part. I would recommend you checkout the first post here, so we will be on the same page. Before we start, let’s understand what feature engineering is and why we do it. I believe I should define what Features are first, so here it goes; A Feature is simply a representation of an aspect of raw data, some authors also call it attribute. For example Product_Weight, Product_Type and Product_Price are some features in the our Supermarket data. These features may be numeric or categorical and at the end must be converted to just a numeric format (The only type a machine learning model can work with).

**How to create your own Deep Learning Project in Azure**

Deep learning has a lot of practical applications for companies such as image recognition, video indexing and speech to text transcription. However, it can be daunting for companies to start with deep learning projects. Common issues are sensitivity of data used and the complexity of deep learning, which can be seen as the superlative of machine learning.

**Bayesian inference and differential equations**

Combining two fundamental paradigms to learn more from biological experiments. Biological experiments typically yield observations that clearly suggest non-linear relationships between the measured variables and, often, are laborious and afford a limited number of observations and repetitions. Systems of ordinary differential equations offer a way to build mechanistic models of, complex, non-linear phenomena. Bayesian inference offers a paradigm to embrace the uncertainty of real-world experiments and exploit our prior knowledge. Biology is complex, experiments are difficult, but we do have a few successful modeling paradigms, there are also clear physical constraints to what biological systems can do, and a rich literature of quantitative experiments. In this post, I show and example of how Bayesian Data Analysis and systems of differential equations can be combined to learn the most we can from a single experiment with a few measurements. All the code used in this post and be found here.

**How to Use Blockchain and AI to Create Your Personal Online Digital Assets Manager**

Unless you’ve been living with your head under a rock for the last 4 years, you will definitely have heard of Bitcoin. You would also have heard about the technology behind Bitcoin, Blockchain. Now cryptocurrencies are banned in most cases in India and China, but the Americas and Europe still use cryptocurrencies extensively. And in my opinion, Asia stands to lose a lot if blockchain is not adopted extensively everywhere. Because make no mistake about it – blockchain technology will change the world as we know it. Forever. Blockchain is the technology powering Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. To explain what blockchain is and what bitcoin is you can go through anyone of the articles below. Don’t worry these articles are carefully selected to be as interesting and fun to read as possible. (This also gives me space to add my own original ideas instead of copying or rewording existing articles – and I have plenty (of ideas)!

**Explainable AI: From Prediction To Understanding**

It’s not enough to make predictions. Sometimes, you need to generate a deep understanding. Just because you model something doesn’t mean you really know how it works. In classical machine learning, the algorithm spits out predictions, but in some cases, this isn’t good enough. Dr. George Cevora explains why the black box of AI may not always be appropriate and how to go from prediction to understanding.





### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

