---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Whats new on arXiv
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/04/10/whats-new-on-arxiv-945/
date:      2019-04-10
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - selection
    - selected
    - datasets
    - memory
    - estimation
---

**Low-Complexity Methods for Estimation After Parameter Selection**

Statistical inference of multiple parameters often involves a preliminary parameter selection stage. The selection stage has an impact on subsequent estimation, for example by introducing a selection bias. The post-selection maximum likelihood (PSML) estimator is shown to reduce the selection bias and the post-selection mean-squared-error (PSMSE) compared with conventional estimators, such as the maximum likelihood (ML) estimator. However, the computational complexity of the PSML is usually high due to the multi-dimensional exhaustive search for a global maximum of the post-selection log-likelihood (PSLL) function. Moreover, the PSLL involves the probability of selection that, in general, does not have an analytical form. In this paper, we develop new low-complexity post-selection estimation methods for a two-stage estimation after parameter selection architecture. The methods are based on implementing the iterative maximization by parts (MBP) approach, which is based on the decomposition of the PSLL function into ‘easily-optimized’ and complicated parts. The proposed second-best PSML method, applies the MBP-PSML algorithm with a pairwise probability of selection between the two highest-ranked parameters w.r.t. the selection rule. The proposed SA-PSML method is based on using stochastic approximation (SA) and Monte Carlo integrations to obtain a non-parametric estimation of the gradient of the probability of selection and then applying the MBP-PSML algorithm on this approximation. For low-complexity performance analysis, we develop the empirical post-selection Cramer-Rao-type lower bound. Simulations demonstrate that the proposed post-selection estimation methods are tractable and reduce both the bias and the PSMSE, compared with the ML estimator, while only requiring moderate computational complexity.

**SMURFF: A High-Performance Framework for Matrix Factorization**

Bayesian Matrix Factorization (BMF) is a powerful technique for recommender systems because it produces good results and is relatively robust against overfitting. Yet BMF is more computationally intensive and thus more challenging to implement for large datasets. In this work we present SMURFF a high-performance feature-rich framework to compose and construct different Bayesian matrix-factorization methods. The framework has been successfully used in to do large scale runs of compound-activity prediction. SMURFF is available as open-source and can be used both on a supercomputer and on a desktop or laptop machine. Documentation and several examples are provided as Jupyter notebooks using SMURFF’s high-level Python API.

**Online Convex Dictionary Learning**

Dictionary learning is a dimensionality reduction technique widely used in data mining, machine learning and signal processing alike. Nevertheless, many dictionary learning algorithms such as variants of Matrix Factorization (MF) do not adequately scale with the size of available datasets. Furthermore, scalable dictionary learning methods lack interpretability of the derived dictionary matrix. To mitigate these two issues, we propose a novel low-complexity, batch online convex dictionary learning algorithm. The algorithm sequentially processes small batches of data maintained in a fixed amount of storage space, and produces meaningful dictionaries that satisfy convexity constraints. Our analytical results are two-fold. First, we establish convergence guarantees for the proposed online learning scheme. Second, we show that a subsequence of the generated dictionaries converges to a stationary point of the approximation-error function. Experimental results on synthetic and real world datasets demonstrate both the computational savings of the proposed online method with respect to convex non-negative MF, and performance guarantees comparable to those of online non-convex learning.

**Multivariate outlier detection based on a robust Mahalanobis distance with shrinkage estimators**

A collection of robust Mahalanobis distances for multivariate outlier detection is proposed, based on the notion of shrinkage. Robust intensity and scaling factors are optimally estimated to define the shrinkage. Some properties are investigated, such as affine equivariance and breakdown value. The performance of the proposal is illustrated through the comparison to other techniques from the literature, in a simulation study and with a real dataset. The behavior when the underlying distribution is heavy-tailed or skewed, shows the appropriateness of the method when we deviate from the common assumption of normality. The resulting high correct detection rates and low false detection rates in the vast majority of cases, as well as the significantly smaller computation time shows the advantages of our proposal.

**Memorizing Normality to Detect Anomaly: Memory-augmented Deep Autoencoder for Unsupervised Anomaly Detection**

Deep autoencoder has been extensively used for anomaly detection. Training on the normal data, the autoencoder is expected to produce higher reconstruction error for the abnormal inputs than the normal ones, which is adopted as a criterion for identifying anomalies. However, this assumption does not always hold in practice. It has been observed that sometimes the autoencoder ‘generalizes’ so well that it can also reconstruct anomalies well, leading to the miss detection of anomalies. To mitigate this drawback for autoencoder based anomaly detector, we propose to augment the autoencoder with a memory module and develop an improved autoencoder called memory-augmented autoencoder, i.e. MemAE. Given an input, MemAE firstly obtains the encoding from the encoder and then uses it as a query to retrieve the most relevant memory items for reconstruction. At the training stage, the memory contents are updated and are encouraged to represent the prototypical elements of the normal data. At the test stage, the learned memory will be fixed, and the reconstruction is obtained from a few selected memory records of the normal data. The reconstruction will thus tend to be close to a normal sample. Thus the reconstructed errors on anomalies will be strengthened for anomaly detection. MemAE is free of assumptions on the data type and thus general to be applied to different tasks. Experiments on various datasets prove the excellent generalization and high effectiveness of the proposed MemAE.

**Inoculation by Fine-Tuning: A Method for Analyzing Challenge Datasets**

Several datasets have recently been constructed to expose brittleness in models trained on existing benchmarks. While model performance on these challenge datasets is significantly lower compared to the original benchmark, it is unclear what particular weaknesses they reveal. For example, a challenge dataset may be difficult because it targets phenomena that current models cannot capture, or because it simply exploits blind spots in a model’s specific training set. We introduce inoculation by fine-tuning, a new analysis method for studying challenge datasets by exposing models (the metaphorical patient) to a small amount of data from the challenge dataset (a metaphorical pathogen) and assessing how well they can adapt. We apply our method to analyze the NLI ‘stress tests’ (Naik et al., 2018) and the Adversarial SQuAD dataset (Jia and Liang, 2017). We show that after slight exposure, some of these datasets are no longer challenging, while others remain difficult. Our results indicate that failures on challenge datasets may lead to very different conclusions about models, training datasets, and the challenge datasets themselves.

**Visualizing Attention in Transformer-Based Language models**

We present an open-source tool for visualizing multi-head self-attention in Transformer-based language models. The tool extends earlier work by visualizing attention at three levels of granularity: the attention-head level, the model level, and the neuron level. We describe how each of these views can help to interpret the model, and we demonstrate the tool on the OpenAI GPT-2 pretrained language model. We also present three use cases showing how the tool might provide insights on how to adapt or improve the model.

**Advancing NLP with Cognitive Language Processing Signals**

When we read, our brain processes language and generates cognitive processing data such as gaze patterns and brain activity. These signals can be recorded while reading. Cognitive language processing data such as eye-tracking features have shown improvements on single NLP tasks. We analyze whether using such human features can show consistent improvement across tasks and data sources. We present an extensive investigation of the benefits and limitations of using cognitive processing data for NLP. Specifically, we use gaze and EEG features to augment models of named entity recognition, relation classification, and sentiment analysis. These methods significantly outperform the baselines and show the potential and current limitations of employing human language processing data for NLP.





### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

