---
layout:     post
title:      When is a meat sandwich like a merchant? A python joke generator
subtitle:   转载自：http://www.p-value.info/2013/01/when-is-meat-sandwich-like-merchant.html
date:       2013-01-22
author:     Carl Anderson (noreply@blogger.com)
header-img: img/background2.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - pos
    - auto jokes
    - synonyms
    - pleated
    - word
---












### 
When is a meat sandwich like a merchant? A python joke generator



*When is a meat sandwich like a merchant? When it is a burgher.* 





Yes, you can groan but don't blame me, heckle the computer.








*What do you call a strange market? A bizarre bazaar.*





That has the structure "What do you call a **[Adjective1] [Noun1]**? A **[Adjective2] [Noun2]**" where **[Adjective2]** and **[Noun2]** are homonyms and** [Adjective1]** and **[Adjective2] **and **[Noun1]** and **[Noun2] **are synonym pairs.

(A homonym is a word pronounced the same as another but differing in meaning, whether spelled the same way or not. Example: hare and hair. Synonyms as two or more different words with the same meaning. Example: lazy and idle.)








**suite**: ensemble


**sweet**: sugary



|leads to "*What do you call a sugary ensemble? A sweet suite*."|


leads to "*What do you call a sugary ensemble? A sweet suite*."





Similarly,


*What do you call a breezy eagle's nest? An airy aerie.*


*What do you call a coarse pleated collar? A rough ruff.*





Another structure is when the homonyms are both nouns:





**stake**: wooden pole


**steak**: slice of meat





leads to "*When is a slice of meat like a wooden pole? When it is a stake*."





(Slightly more complicated is "*When is a car like a frog? When it is being toad?*")





This suggests that we can easily auto-generate jokes such as these. So, let's do it.











**def** **indefinite_article**(w):


    **if** w**.**lower()**.**startswith("a ") **or** w**.**lower()**.**startswith("an "): **return** ""


    **return** "an " **if** w**.**lower()[0] **in** list('aeiou') **else** "a "





**def** **camel**(s):


    **return** s[0]**.**upper() **+** s[1:]





**def** **joke_type1**(d1,d2,w1,w2):


    **return** "What do you call " **+** indefinite_article(d1) **+** d1 **+** " " **+** d2 **+** "? " **+** \


           camel(indefinite_article(w1)) **+** w1 **+** " " **+** w2 **+** "."





**def** **joke_type2**(d1,d2,w1,w2):


    **return** "When is " **+** indefinite_article(d1) **+** d1 **+** " like " **+** indefinite_article(d2) **+** d2 **+** "? " **+** \


           "When it is " **+** indefinite_article(w2) **+** w2 **+** "."





data **=** open("processed_homonyms.txt","r")**.**readlines()





**for** line **in** data:


     [w1,d1,pos1,w2,d2,pos2]**=**line**.**strip()**.**split("\t")


     **if** pos1**==**'adjective' **and** pos2**==**'noun':


         **print** joke_type1(d1,d2,w1,w2)


     **elif** pos1**==**'noun' **and** pos2**==**'adjective':


         **print** joke_type1(d2,d1,w2,w1)


     **elif** pos1**==**'noun' **and** pos2**==**'noun':


         **print** joke_type2(d1,d2,w1,w2) 


         **print** joke_type2(d2,d1,w2,w1)







- *What do you call an accomplished young woman? A made maid.*

- *When is a disparaging sounds from fans like a whiskey? When it is a booze.*

- *When is a fish eggs like a seventeenth letter of Greek alphabet? When it is a rho.*

- *When is a bench-mounted clamp like a bad habit? When it is a vice.*

- *When is a fermented grape juice like an annoying cry? When it is a whine.*

- *When is a location like a flounder? When it is a plaice.*

- *What do you call a fake enemy? A faux foe.*


*What do you call a beloved Bambi? A dear deer.*





















One final joke from my code:





*What do you call a least best sausage? A worst wurst.*





Ba dum dum, Thanks, folks! I'll be here all week.























