---
layout:     post
title:      Thomson Reuters： Product reimagination for visual analytics
subtitle:   转载自：https://datascopeanalytics.com/case-study/thomson-reuters-product-reimagination-for-visual-analytics/
date:       2012-12-04
author:     Dean Malmgren
header-img: img/background1.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - products
    - design development
    - details
    - detailed
    - incites
---


[Thomson Reuters](http://thomsonreuters.com/) has long
been a leader in providing services for aggregating, organizing and
analyzing scholarly publication data. In continuing its leadership
position, Thomson Reuters recently developed a new
product, [InCites](http://researchanalytics.thomsonreuters.com/incites),
which is intended to offer advanced analytics for university
administrators and funding agencies to further set itself apart from
the competition. The data behind InCites is world class, but the
presentation of the information and product workflow has yet to
reach its maximum potential.

Thomson Reuters engaged Datascope for a
one-week “elaboration phase” workshop at their offices
where we engaged people from sales, design, development and
management roles to discuss the future of the InCites
product. Beginning with Thomson Reuters team’s deep
understanding of their customers and their needs, we brainstormed a
suite of InCites
user [personas](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Persona) and
their
corresponding use
cases to better understand what would ideally be required of an
advanced analytics product.



These discussions helped guide our development and design of a
short- and long-term redesign for the InCites product. Our
short-term, “quick wins” design was geared toward
keeping the overall layout and workflow of the existing product the
same, but redesigning the reports to be much more visual and
accessible, with gory details available on demand. The idea is that
these quick wins would give the InCites team the ability to
modernize the look of the InCites product without a large-scale
investment in a new product altogether. Our long-term,
“revamped” design was geared toward reimagining how a
simpler, more elegant, and more dynamic design could cover each use
case in a much more streamlined fashion by building on the quick
wins solutions. As a deliverable from the workshop, we provided a
detailed action plan about how our proposed implementations will
improve the Thomson Reuters product in the short- and long-term.



As our business has become progressively more geared toward the
creative development of data-driven solutions, these
“elaboration phase” workshops have started to become a
staple of our primary offering. These elaboration phase workshops
give all stakeholders an opportunity to provide input and result in
a clear roadmap on top of which we can develop useful and usable
data-driven products.

