---
layout:     post
title:      Fontstellations
subtitle:   转载自：https://datascopeanalytics.com/blog/fontstellations/
date:       2016-11-16
author:     Damien Brulé
header-img: img/background1.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - designers
    - designs
    - designed
    - combine
    - combinations
---

*To see the visualization, click [here](https://datascopeanalytics.com/fontstellations).*

## Backstory

When I was in design school, I was surprised to see how much time students
would spend choosing a font for their project. I had always assumed that with
enough knowledge about typography, picking a font would be as simple as
looking up the right one: do I need playful or serious? modern or old school?
etc. And to a certain extent, some rules exist to guide designers through this
process : you should not combine two fonts that are too similar ; use serifs
and sans serifs ; create contrast , ...

But picking a font involves a lot of trial and error, and it gets even more
complicated when you need to match two or more fonts in the same medium. One
technique is to mock up several designs, and let them soak in until only a few
of them stand out. It is also very helpful to look for inspiration
in other people's work, which can guide you towards creating something good
without necessarily knowing the keys to success.

The power of learning from good examples rather than following rigid rules
can be illustrated by an example in another field : online dictionaries. As a
natural-born French speaker, I relied on WordReference for a long time when I
had some translation to do, because it had the most comprehensive list of
definitions for a given word. However, I was often confronted with the problem
of not finding a word that felt authentic in the context of my sentence. I
searched for other options and found Linguee, a dictionary that mines
bilingual websites to find professional translations of words and expressions.
It also displays excerpts side by side and ranks them, letting the user vote
for quality. This was invaluable because I realized that some of the more
authentic translations did not include any equivalent of the word I was trying
to translate. English, like many languages, is deeply embedded with idioms. So
much nuance is lost by just focusing on literal translation.

Similar limitations appear in design principles: pairing a serif with a sans-serif and following all the other rules will not necessarily lead to visual
harmony. The only rule that you can trust is that rules are made to be broken.

## Plan of action

My intuition was that capturing font usage on the web (like Linguee does with
words) should be informative about the type of combinations that complement
and enhance one another. I figured it would be achievable because for every
font that appears on a website, the information about which one it is has to
be *somewhere* so that your browser can render it. Even though web fonts are not
representative of all fonts, it seemed like a good place to start. Besides, I
knew I could whip up some code and quickly collect data from thousands of
sources.

Potentially, I could even screen the code to find color, size, position, all
the ingredients that make font pairings successful. Indeed, two fonts can look
good in one design and not so good in another design, it is very dependent on
the context of the use and how they are contrasted with one another. This is
why a lot of typography websites include examples of how to use the fonts they
are offering, because it guides the impression the font makes on you.

## Reality check

My first working assumption was that the internet represents a huge sandbox
where people try out different combinations, make errors or succeed in
creating harmonious pairings, and hopefully save only the best ones for future
generations of designs.

Unfortunately, the internet does not work that way. I soon realized that the
source code of most sites is just as messy as the grammar and content of what
the masses are saying online. [[1]](https://datascopeanalytics.com/blog/fontstellations#fn-1) Same goes for the
fonts they use; just because two fonts are used a lot together doesn't mean
that these combinations would turn out to be good combinations from a
designer's perspective. Not too surprising in the land of Impact-covered memes
and Comic Sans.

So, to simplify the problem a little, I refocused. Instead of asking "Why does
a combo work well?", trying to automate the designer's job of developing
intuition about what makes a good design, I decided to focus on understanding
*"What do people do?"* to be able to gain experience simply by observing at a
macro-level and following trends. And in particular, "What do people who know
what they're doing do? I quickly realized that I did not care about the most
common combinations out there, but rather the most frequent combinations that
a talented designer is likely to make.

## Paydirt

In my case, it seemed like a natural compromise to favor quality over
quantities of data. I was lucky to come across
[fontsinuse.com](https://fontsinuse.com/), an awesome website that contains human-curated
font combinations.

A community of passionate designers had already done all the hard work for me!
Since 2012, they have been gathering a collection of "uses" that already
contains enough data to start observing patterns.

Each "use" contains a list of the fonts used, and a picture of the medium
which could be a website but also could be a physical object such as a book or
a poster. Another advantage of Fonts In Use is that the webpages are very
structured: the information about a font is always displayed with the same
template, which makes it very simple to grab the various descriptors available
(name, foundries, designers, etc.).

By no means this is a comprehensive dataset, nor is it perfect in terms of
bias, but analyzing this material would be like summarizing the knowledge of
more than 250 contributors.

![](https://datascopeanalytics.com/blog/fontstellations/fontsinuse.png)




Once I was convinced by the potential of this dataset, I started to look for
ways of representing the information I could gather from it.

## Best intentions

I wanted the visualization to be informative for anyone interested in
typography. For example, designers could use it to confirm the intuitions they
have about particular fonts.

Another important component of the project was that I wanted to flex some
design-school muscles and create something aesthetically pleasing. A common
advice when doing dataviz is to find the simplest representation. To me it was
important not to hide the complexity but highlight it; not only did I want to
see the related fonts for one font in particular, but I wanted to see all of
them at the same time. The goal was to find a user friendly way of creating a
map and exploring this virtual territory.

Also, it seemed a shame to study fonts without showing what they look like:
that's what they are for! They are designed to be looked at. It made a lot of
sense to show each label in its actual font, since the meaning of a connection
is contained in the appearance of the typefaces.

![](https://datascopeanalytics.com/blog/fontstellations/labels.png)




Nitty gritty
Once I had the general picture of my viz in mind, the final challenge was to
figure out all the details. If a node in the network is a font, its size
should be its importance : the total number of uses.

How do you define the links ? One measure of the strength of connections could
have been the absolute number of times those fonts were used together.
However, certain fonts are used much more often than others, say Futura, so
all its links would tend to be stronger than the rarer fonts.

Instead, I divided the absolute value by the size of the font, in other words
the number of times font A is used with font B over the number of times A or B was used. [[2]](https://datascopeanalytics.com/blog/fontstellations#fn-2)

In my original dataset, there were 3076 fonts and 4793 links in the dataset,
precisely. This was a lot to display, all in one page. Some of the fonts had
no links at all, but I did not want to discard them as they pointed out that
some fonts are mainly used alone. I also wanted to keep all the links, but was
rapidly confronted to a gigantic hairball.

![](https://datascopeanalytics.com/blog/fontstellations/hairball.png)




I personally find that complex things can be fascinating, when they are not
overwhelming. As you can see with the picture above, I was starting to lose
track of the "Keep it simple" principle of dataviz.

To position the nodes, I used a "[force-directed graph](https://bl.ocks.org/mbostock/4062045)" which relies upon a physical simulation. The fonts are charges that repel each other and the links are like springs pulling the nodes closer. With so many links and nodes, the simulation wasn't doing a good job because of all the constraints applied to the model. Cleaning up the links would be beneficial both in terms of visualization, and in terms of computation.

For the graph to make sense intuitively, the width of the links should
directly depend on the formula for the strength. Finding the correct order of
magnitude for strengths, stroke widths and the relationships between the two
involved a lot of tweaking and was probably the most time-consuming part of
the project.

![](https://datascopeanalytics.com/blog/fontstellations/sphere.png)




If the values are too high, the graph will collapse on itself, but on the
contrary if they're too weak you get a display that looks like a big sphere
(which is how the positions are initialized) because the forces are
negligible.

![](https://datascopeanalytics.com/blog/fontstellations/controls.png)




To help me adjust the many parameters of the force graph, I used [dat.gui](https://workshop.chromeexperiments.com/examples/gui#1--Basic-Usage)'s
control panel on top of the visualization. With computer generated displays,
it is very simple to generate infinite variations of the same design, and
browse continuously through all of them. Most of the controls were discarded
from the final viz, but they were extremely helpful in finding a harmonious
balance during the generation process.

Last but not least, I got rid of the fonts that were used less than 5 times,
and I added a filtering threshold, below which the links get removed from the
model and faded out in the viz.

## Connecting the dots

Data analysis and design may seem to have very few bridges between them, but
as the importance of data in businesses grows and designers become curious of
this new medium, we should start to think about how data can be used to assist
designers in their work.

By the time I finished this project, I had stumbled across several tools that
help with font matching. [Fontpair](http://fontpair.co/)
focuses on Google fonts, with header and body fonts classified by Serif/Sans-
Serif/Cursive types. Canva's font
combinations tool gives you 1-3 suggestions when you enter a starter
font. While those sites can be very handy to start off with, I believe more
experienced designers would find these suggestions limiting, because they
don't take into account how creatives work. Of course, it is very important
for them to know what generally works and what doesn't, and not to reinvent
the wheel each time they do a new project. But when you are creating a brand
identity or working on a very personal project, you will probably avoid
picking font combinations you know perfectly well other people are likely to
make. Indeed, how do you express your uniqueness and know-how if you are just
following the advice of someone else, or worse, an algorithm?

On the other end of the spectrum, the experience of looking at fonts on Google
Fonts or other font catalogs online is a bit like translating with
WordReference. You have a great range of choice, but with little context to
help you decide. [[3]](https://datascopeanalytics.com/blog/fontstellations#fn-3) Fonts In Use, however,
is more like the Linguee of type, since it populates a rich semantic and
visual context for each use case. It provides you with what a community of
experts has done in the past, and going through the tropes and inventiveness
of their work is one of the best ways to learn about new combinations and
possibilities.

This is why I opted for a 2D exploratory visualization that can be used in
complement of the tools mentioned above. To support how designers already
think, randomness and serendipity have their place. With all the labels
floating around in space, you can see more of them simultaneously and are more
likely to draw new connections between fonts that are close but not yet
related.

It is unlikely that designers will be replaced by computers soon, as
creativity is often considered to be what truly differentiates humans from
machines. But that doesn't mean there aren't opportunities to use data to make
better designs. In his blog post "Taking The Robots To Design School, Part
1",
Jon Gold expresses his fascination with "how much better designers could be if
we are augmented by smart algorithms rather than replaced by them." He
envisions at least two other ways of using data to understand how typography
works, thus paving the way towards AI-assisted design. Being a designer
himself, Jon Gold's purpose is far from fully automating the creative process.

Following some of his ideas, I would like to expand my network with more
descriptors and add a layer of meaning, for example to see how foundries are
related. It would be interesting to verify quantitatively how typographic
rules are applied in real life, and perhaps find new ones based on the visual
properties of a font. The formulas in the graph could be redefined to
highlight specific points: the top 3 matches for each font, the unexpected
combos, the loner fonts, etc.

But for now, I hope my [visualization](https://datascopeanalytics.com/fontstellations) will let
you rediscover the myriad of fonts and their possible
combinations, and that you will have new perspectives next time you open up
your favorite text editor or design tool.

![](https://datascopeanalytics.com/blog/fontstellations/process.png)


