---
layout:     post
title:      Building JSON in R： Three Methods
subtitle:   转载自：http://randyzwitch.com/r-json-jsonlite-sprintf-paste/
date:       2014-05-13
author:     未知
header-img: img/background1.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - strings
    - learned
    - learning
    - code
    - building
---

When I set out to build [RSiteCatalyst](https://github.com/randyzwitch/RSiteCatalyst), I had a few major goals: learn R, build [CRAN](http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/RSiteCatalyst/index.html)-worthy package and learn the [Adobe Analytics API](https://marketing.adobe.com/developer/en_US/documentation). As I reflect back on how the package has evolved over the past two years and what I’ve learned, I think my greatest learning was around how to deal with JSON (and strings in general).  

JSON is ubiquitous as a data-transfer mechanism over the web, and R does a decent job providing the functionality to not only read JSON but also to create JSON. There are at least three methods I know of to build JSON strings, and this post will cover the pros and cons of each method.

### Method 1: Building JSON using paste

As a beginning R user, I didn’t have the awareness of how many great user-contributed packages are out there. So throughout the RSiteCatalyst source code you can see [gems](https://github.com/randyzwitch/RSiteCatalyst/blob/master/R/QueueOvertime.R#L75-78) like:

```
|1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
|#"metrics" would be a user input into a function arguments
metrics <- c("a", "b", "c")

#Loop over the metrics list, appending proper curly braces
metrics_conv <- lapply(metrics, function(x) paste('{"id":', '"', x, '"', '}', sep=""))

#Collapse the list into a proper comma separated string
metrics_final <- paste(metrics_conv, collapse=", ")

```

The code above loops over a character vector (using `lapply` instead of a for loop like a good R user!), appending curly braces, then flattening the list down to a string. While this code works, it’s a quite brittle way to build JSON. You end up needing to worry about matching quotation marks, remembering if you need curly braces, brackets or singletons…overall, it’s a maintenance nightmare to build strings this way.

Of course, if you have a *really simple* JSON string you need to build, `paste()` doesn’t have to be off-limits, but for a majority of the cases I’ve seen, it’s probably not a good idea.

### Method 2: Building JSON using sprintf

Somewhere in the middle of building version 1 of RSiteCatalyst, I started learning Python. For those of you who aren’t familiar, Python has a [string interpolation operator](https://docs.python.org/2/library/stdtypes.html#string-formatting) `%`, which allows you to do things like the following:

```
|1
2
3
|In [1]: print "Here's a string subtitution for my name: %s" %("Randy")

Out[1]: "Here's a string subtitution for my name: Randy"

```

Thinking that this was the most useful thing I’d ever seen in programming, I naturally searched to see if R had the same functionality. Of course, I quickly learned that all C-based languages have [`printf/sprintf`](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Printf_format_string), and R is no exception. So I started [building JSON using sprintf](https://github.com/randyzwitch/RSiteCatalyst/blob/master/R/QueueTrended.R#L115-119) in the following manner:

```
|1
2
3
4
5
|elements_list = sprintf('{"id":"%s",
 "top": "%s",
 "startingWith":"%s",
 "search":{"type":"%s", "keywords":[%s]}
 }', element, top, startingWith, searchType, searchKW2)

```

In this example, we’re now passing R objects into the `sprintf()` function, with `%s` tokens everywhere we need to substitute text. This is certainly an improvement over `paste()`, especially given that Adobe provides example JSON via their [API explorer](https://marketing.adobe.com/developer/en_US/get-started/api-explorer). So I copied the example strings, replaced their examples with my tokens and voilà! Better JSON string building.

### Method 3: Building JSON using a package (jsonlite, rjson or RJSONIO)

While `sprintf()` allowed for much easier JSON, there is still a frequent code smell in RSiteCatalyst, as evidenced by the [following](https://github.com/randyzwitch/RSiteCatalyst/blob/master/R/GetTrafficVars.R#L31-39):

```
|1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
|#Converts report_suites to JSON
if(length(report_suites)>1){
 report_suites <- toJSON(report_suites)
} else {
 report_suites <- toJSON(list(report_suites))
}

#API request
json <- postRequest("ReportSuite.GetTrafficVars",paste('{"rsid_list":', report_suites , '}'))

```

At some point, I realized that using the `toJSON()` function from [rjson](http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/rjson/index.html) would take care of the formatting R objects to strings, yet I didn’t make the leap to understanding that I could build the *whole string* using R objects translated by `toJSON()`! So I have more hard-to-maintain code where I’m checking the class/length of objects and formatting them. The efficient way to do this using rjson would be:

```
|1
2
3
4
5
6
7
|#Efficient method
library(rjson)
report_suites <- list(rsid_list=c("A", "B", "C"))
request.body <- toJSON(report_suites)

#API request
json <- postRequest("ReportSuite.GetTrafficVars", request.body)

```

With the code above, we’re building JSON in a very R-looking manner; just R objects and functions, and in return getting the output we want. While it’s slightly less obvious what is being created by `request.body`, there’s literally zero bracket-matching, quoting issues or anything else to worry about in building our JSON. That’s not to say that there isn’t a learning curve to using a JSON package, but I’d rather figure out whether I need a character vector or list than burn my eyes out looking for mismatched quotes and brackets!

### Collaborating Makes You A Better Programmer

Like any pursuit, you can get pretty far on your own through hard work and self-study. However, I wouldn’t be nearly where I am without collaborating with others (especially learning about how to build JSON properly in R!). A majority of the RSiteCatalyst code for the upcoming version 1.4 was re-written by [Willem Paling](https://github.com/WillemPaling), where he added consistency to keyword arguments, switched to [jsonlite](http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/jsonlite/index.html) for better JSON parsing to Data Frames, and most importantly for the topic of this post, cleaned up the method of building all the required JSON strings!

Edit 5/13: For a more thorough example of building complex JSON using jsonlite, check out [this example](https://github.com/randyzwitch/RSiteCatalyst/blob/version_1_4/R/QueueRanked.R#L67-114) from the v1.4 branch of RSiteCatalyst. The linked example R code populates the required arguments from this [JSON outline](https://gist.github.com/randyzwitch/762343d5e8d8501af522) provide by Adobe.
