---
layout:     post
title:      Why one Chicago company gives employees the same title and salary
subtitle:   转载自：http://www.chicagotribune.com/bluesky/originals/chi-flat-structure-datascope-analytics-geneva-trading-bsi-20140825-story.html
date:       2014-08-26
author:     Datascope
header-img: img/background3.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - employees
    - flat structures
    - flatness
    - stringer
    - datascope
---

Ask any startup employee about the perks of their job and, aside from flexible work options and a Ping Pong table, they might mention the lack of red tape. Some small companies are embracing flat structures to step farther away from the typically corporate chain of command that they see as a strain on creativity and productivity.

Flat structures remove the middle manager. That takes away close supervision and gives employees more freedom in creativity and decision-making.



Take [Datascope](http://www.chicagotribune.com/topic/business/datascope-corporation-ORCRP004336-topic.html) Analytics, a five-year-old, nine-person data-science shop with an office in the Loop. Five employees share a title — data scientist — while the company’s four partners, including co-founders Dean Malmgren and Mike Stringer, are data scientists who carry extra labels. All nine have the same monthly salary.

“It’s hard to have a culture that promotes creativity and thinking of things differently,” Malmgren said. “It’s really important to get lots of input from equally valid sources.”



Malmgren said bootstrapped Datascope involves employees in all decisions, from which clients to take to whether the company should buy branded swag. Even new employees can lead projects and direct veterans from day one.

Malmgren said the company approaches operations the way it approaches client projects: as a design problem. Just as the team experiments with ways to help clients improve internal processes, it also plays around with how it answers its own questions. That way, Malmgren said, decisions aren’t weighted to the partners’ preferences, and new ideas can easily emerge.

Stringer said a flat structure creates leaders out of regular employees and encourages the team to shape the culture.

He said he asks himself: “How do we design a company that’s the best place for data scientists to work?” He said data scientists are in high demand and that the structure helps attract the best talent. He said one employee left a high-paying job at a major bank to join the company. The opportunity to lead compensated for the pay cut, he said.

Keith Murnighan, a professor of leadership, negotiation and decision making at Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management, said flat structures distribute responsibility among employees and are built on trust. Employees in such environments are often required to lead themselves rather than rely on a supervisor, which can result in an increased commitment to the job, Murnighan said. It can even lead to better performance.

But flat-structure employers have to be cautious.

“Be careful who you hire because you have to trust them,” Murnighan said. “If they’re out on the line doing things without as much supervision and they start screwing up in horrendous ways, you have real problems.”

Flat structures require more work up front to find the most trustworthy employees, Murnighan said, while hierarchies offer more chances to keep an eye on workers.



Chicago-based Geneva Trading has settled on a hybrid structure of flatness and hierarchy, CEO and president Robert Creamer said.

The industry requires traders to move fast, so flatness in the trading groups empowers them to make decisions quickly, Creamer said. The industry is also fraught with regulations, so managers occasionally must supervise traders, he said.

“I really struggle to see how we could be flatter than we are given the need for supervision and training, and how IT-centric our industry has become,” Creamer said.

The software development department has the most structure, Creamer said, because that makes it easier to track projects and establish work processes.

At his 140-person company, he said, it’s nearly impossible for managers to take credit for their employees’ work, simply because the company has so few of them, Creamer said. This fosters a culture in which employees work toward a common goal and are recognized for their contributions, he said.

At Datascope, Stringer acknowledged the challenges associated with building the right flat team, but he said he thinks it’s worth it.

“I’m convinced that it does help our business,” Stringer said. “If it didn’t help us make more money, we would still do it.”
