---
layout:     post
title:      An Achievement on Stack Overflow
subtitle:   转载自：http://blog.data-miners.com/2014/08/an-achievement-on-stack-overflow.html
date:       2014-08-26
author:     noreply@blogger.com (Gordon S. Linoff)
header-img: img/background1.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - aaron
    - questions
    - answers
    - answering
    - answered
---

My answers are almost almost exclusively for answers related to SQL and various databases.   The site is highly geared toward "tools" questions, so there are few general analysis questions. 

So, this blog is sharing some of my thoughts and my history on the site.

Clearly, I have helped a lot of people on Stack Overflow, around the world.  The most rewarding part are the thank-yous from real people working on real problems.  On several instances, I have helped speed up code by more than 99% -- turning hours of drudgery into seconds or minutes of response time.

But answering questions has helped me too:
- My technical knowledge of databases has greatly improved, particularly the peculiarities (strengths and weaknesses) of each database engine.
- I have learned patience for people who are confused by concepts in SQL.
- I have (hopefully) learned how to explain concepts to people with different levels of competence.
- I have learned how to figure out (sometimes) what someone is really asking.
- I have a strong appreciation for what SQL can do and what SQL cannot do.
- It has definitely increased the number of hits when I egosurf.


A few months after starting, I stopped down voting questions and answers.  "Down voting" is usually seen as "not-nice", making the other person defensive, confused, and perhaps angry.   A lesson for real life:  being mean (by down voting) is not nearly so useful as offering constructive criticism (by commenting).




Lo and behold, my answer was accepted and up voted.  When the OP ("original poster" -- Stack Overflow lingo for the person asking the question) accepted my answer, s/he had to unaccept another.  That answer was by Aaron Bertrand, a SQL Server guru whose name I recognized from his instructive blog posts.  Aaron commented about the "unaccept".  In the back of my mind, *If Aaron thinks this is important, then there must be something to it.  *Ultimately, I can blame Aaron (whom I have not yet met in person) for getting me hooked.

For a few months, I sporadically answered questions.  Then, in the first week of May, my Mom's younger brother passed away.  That meant lots of time hanging around family, planning the funeral, and the like.  Answering questions on Stack Overflow turned out to be a good way to get away from things.  So, I became more intent.

Stack Overflow draws you in not only with points but with badges and privileges.  Each time I logged in, the system "thanked" me for my participation with more points, more badges, and more privileges.   This continued.  One day (probably in June), I hit the daily upvote maximum of 200 upvotes (you also get points when an answer is accepted or someone offers a bounty).  One week, I hit 1000 points.  One month, 5,000 points.  As an individual who is mesmerized by numbers, I noticed these things.

Last summer, I hit 100,000 points in September and slowed down.  I figured that six figures was enough, and I had other, more interesting things to do -- a trip to Myanmar, my sister's wedding, our apartment in Miami, classes to teach (San Francisco, Amsterdam, Chicago, San Antonio, Orlando) and so on.

I didn't start 2014 with the intention of spending too much of my time on the site.  But three things happened in January.  The first was a fever with a rash on my face.  It kept me home with not-enough to do.  So, I answered questions on Stack Overflow.  Then, I had an attack of gout.  That kept me home with not-enough to do.  And finally, the weather in January in New York was, well, wintery -- lots of cold and lots of snowy.  More reasons to stay home and answer questions.

By the end of January, I was the top scorer for the month.  "Hey, if I can do it in January, let's see what happens in February."  I had thought of relenting in April:   we flew to Greece and spent two nights on Mount Athos.  Mount Athos is a peninsula in northern Greece, devoted to twenty-one Orthodox monasteries -- and nothing else.  It is inhabited by a few thousand monks living medieval lifestyles.  The only way to visit is as a "pilgrim", staying at a monastery.  An incredible experience.  No internet.  But, I was able to make up the point deficit on Stack Overflow.

This year, each month that passes is another month where I seem to be the top point-gatherer on Stack Overflow.  At this point, I might as well make it to the end of the year.  I don't know if I will, but I do hope to help a few other people and to learn more about databases and how people are using them.











 
