---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Do average consumers still need Dropbox?
subtitle:      转载自：http://wesmckinney.com/blog/do-average-consumers-still-need-dropbox/
date:      2016-03-13
img:      1
author:      Wes McKinney
tags:
    - managing
    - documents
    - documentation
    - personal
    - files
---





** Sun 13 March 2016

 

**TL;DR:** At the risk of stating the obvious, manual management of files on
disks now in 2016 is increasingly old-fashioned and largely unnecessary,
especially among the non-technorati. Encapsulated / managed cloud services and
consumer web applications have made it anachronistic for most normal
people. Whether this is a good thing can be debated, but it is happening
nonetheless.

In this post, I explore this topic in some detail as it relates to my personal
experience.

### Data packratry

I'm something of a "data packrat". Next week is my 31st birthday, and I'm
carting around almost 2 decades worth of carefully curated files and other data
with personal importance going all the way back to 1998. Among other things
this includes:

- All of my e-mail from 1998 to 2006 before moving to GMail for personal email

- All school work high school onward. More LaTeX that I'd like to admit.

- Materials for conference talks and tutorials

- Sensitive personal documents: taxes, investments, expenses, and so forth

Legal documents: 2 startups' worth of legal documents, apartment leases, and
 any other contractual matters
- Miscellaneous computer backups (largely disorganized)

- Digital photos


But, in general, I'm a weird person, so I have no idea how common this is.

For me, Dropbox came along and radically simplified my personal data management
after many years of careful data stewardship on CD-R's, DVD-R's, and a
succession of external hard drives. I also try to forget the number of times I
forgot to e-mail myself an important file (or copy it to a thumb-drive). (I
know I should be moving to Camlistore. One of these days!)

Just a couple of years ago, I went through my spindles of optical disks and
external spinning-rust hard drives and consolidated the last of my precious
bits in my Dropbox folder. It felt good to decommission all that old physical
media, especially since I'd heard CD-Rs go bad after 20 or 30 years.

### The Nomadic *Nix Hacker

I also work on any of 4 different computers at any given time: powerful desktop
workstations at home and at my desk at Cloudera, a Linux laptop for hacking
on-the-go, and a MacBook Pro for PowerPoint and other stuff (e.g. Adobe
products) that don't work well (or at all) in Linux. To keep myself from
completely going crazy, I use some tools to make the cost of jumping from one
machine to another low:

- **GitHub**: for code, dotfiles, and other environment configuration

**Dropbox**: As a replacement for USB sticks and e-mail for miscellanea (and
 big stuff that doesn't make sense to put in git)

Thinking of my computers as fungible Chrome, git, and Emacs terminals has had
huge benefits for my productivity, but that's a whole different topic.

Ubiquitous accessible-everywhere cloud storage has been very helpful for me,
but I suspect my needs are atypical. As indispensible as Dropbox has been for
me as a file syncing tool for Linux, several things have made me wonder why
average consumers (who never open the system shell) will continue to need the
proverbial "magic folder".

### All your data are belong to us

The biggest state change to my personal data in the last 2 years was Google
Photos. After a short trial, I imported all of my digital photos (not that
much of a shutterbug, honestly) from 2005 onward and deleted all the associated
files from my Dropbox. **It felt amazing**. Pedants will note that Google
Photos is really just paying Google for cloud storage, but the liberating
aspect of it is that you don't have to wrangle files manually anymore.

After a little more data reorganization (moving "cold storage" to Google Drive,
which I started paying for because of Google Photos), I was able to stop paying
for Dropbox, and am unlikely to ever need to again.

Then I got to thinking, what data do most average consumers really need to
keep in manually-managed cloud storage (aka Dropbox-like)? The kind of data
that I've been hoarding for the last almost-20 years is either irrelevant or
being rapidly replaced by free or very low-cost managed mobile or web
applications:

- **E-mail and messaging**: GMail, Facebook, WhatsApp

- **Photos**: Facebook, Instagram, Adobe Cloud products

- **Documents**: Google Docs, Office 365, Evernote

- **Code (for hackers)**: GitHub and friends


The only thing I am not sure about is managing ad hoc "sensitive
documents". For example: tax documentation, apartments and employment
contracts, expenses, and so forth. For now, I'm still bearing the mental burden
of arranging files in folders and giving them names (naming things is
exhausting).

### Conclusions

As always, it will be interesting to see how the technology develops, but it
would be interesting if, for consumer use cases, manual file management could
mostly become a thing of the past. The challenge will be how to handle the
overflow of miscellanea not fitting into one of the tidy "managed" cloud
buckets.

To me, the biggest opportunity that I think about is personal financial
document management and taxes. Maybe in the future, we will have online
"continuous financial tracking" so that, come tax season, we only have to
reveal our personal finances to the IRS electronically and either send or
receive a tax payment (or refund).
