---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Feather： it's about metadata
subtitle:      转载自：http://wesmckinney.com/blog/feather-its-the-metadata/
date:      2016-04-26
img:      3
author:      Wes McKinney
tags:
    - performance
    - metadata
    - types
    - code
    - feather
---





** Tue 26 April 2016

 

**Summary**: Feather's good performance is a side effect of its design, but the
primary goal of the project is to have a common memory layout (Apache Arrow)
and metadata (type information) for use in multiple programming languages.

## Feather performance

Several people asked me about Matt Dowle's blog post about fast CSV
writing. I say: bravo!

The dirty secret with Feather's performance is that neither Hadley or I spent
much effort on performance optimization. Through the project's complete git
history, you'll be hard pressed to find anything relating to performance
tuning.

Due to Feather's design (using Arrow's columnar memory layout and simple
metadata using Google's Flatbuffers library), there was simply no way for it
to be slow (ruling out some gross programming error). I was pleased, but not
too surprised, to find that the first `feather.read_dataframe` call in Python
nearly saturated my laptop's IO bandwidth.

Feather does perform a limited amount of conversion between Arrow memory layout
and R or Python data frame. As a result, there are several performance
optimization opportunities available:

Multi-threaded conversion to/from Arrow (convert multiple columns
 simultaneously)
Pipeline reads or writes: perform disk IO concurrent with conversion to or
 from data frames.

We haven't spent any energy on this, because the performance in the project's
first draft was good enough. Patches welcome, of course.

## Metadata and metadata-free file formats

One of my personal goals in working on Feather was to start a broader
discussion about what I call **metadata-free file formats**, with CSV being the
most popular one. By "metadata-free", I mean that in storing data in these
formats, you lose type information (for example: factor levels) that may be
impossible to recover. You may also lose numerical precision. When you read the
files, you have to perform expensive type inference to "guess" the data types
of columns. As you can imagine, there are a large number of esoteric edge cases
for any type inference engine for CSVs.

That being said, metadata-free formats like CSV are still unfortunately a
lowest-common denominator for data exchange in many systems. In both the Python
and R communities, we've spent an extraordinary amount of time writing fast
code for parsing and doing type inference on all of the bizarre delimited text
files generated in the real world. In my opinion, this has been time well
spent.

I often tell people that one of the things that made pandas successful early on
was that `pandas.read_csv` usually *just worked* and was fairly fast, and that
wasn't true of any other Python CSV readers at the time.

## Code sharing

Another goal of Feather was to share a common C++ library between the Python
and R implementations. As Python and R libraries nowadays are often wrappers
around C, C++, and Fortran code, it has bummed me out that so little of the
native code used in Python and R packages is reusable. I'd like to see more
sharing of user-invisible compiled C or C++ code.

Code sharing is hard, though, because much of it relates to "proprietary" data
structures and memory layouts. This is why Apache Arrow is so important:
it gives the community a common table / data frame memory layout on which we
can collaborate more easily.

## Summary

Feather's priorities in order have been:

1. Interoperable metadata and a shared memory layout

1. Shared code

1. Performance


I look forward to more interoperability and more code sharing in the Python and
R communities. If we can also make things fast, of course, let's do that, too.
