---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Rejoinder： the problem with conda-forge right now
subtitle:      转载自：http://wesmckinney.com/blog/the-problem-with-conda-forge-right-now/
date:      2016-04-21
img:      2
author:      Wes McKinney
tags:
    - summary
    - solving
    - thu
    - april
    - conda
---





** Thu 21 April 2016

 

**Summary**: I raise some follow-up points to yesterday's post on
community-governed packaging efforts.

## The problem with conda-forge today

As discussed in my blog post yesterday, conda-forge may offer the way
forward to create a community-governed package repository that meets the
standards already established in the Linux, R, and other open source
communities.

The single biggest problem with conda-forge right now is that its hosting of
build artifacts depends on closed source software and a proprietary hosting
service, anaconda.org (formerly binstar.org). To continue the Linux
analogy, it would be as if software for creating `apt` or `yum` package repos
were closed source. It's much better than not having any hosting service
available, but it would be better to have a option available that is open
source and under community governance. You can see how this works in the
Debian / Ubuntu ecosystem, for example.

The same type of software used to create anaconda.org and the on-premises
product analogue (which Continuum sells to enterprises to run on their own
servers -- so their own closed-source software can be conda-installed
behind firewalls) is also needed to create a network of publicly available
package mirrors. See R's CRAN mirror network for an example of what this
might look like.

## Summary

Solving the community-governed binary packaging problem completely requires the
non-trivial task of creating an open source conda build artifact server in
addition to the problem of operating shared build and test infrastructure.
