---
layout:     post
title:      Event Sourcing in Microservices Using Spring Cloud and Reactor
subtitle:   转载自：http://www.kennybastani.com/2016/04/event-sourcing-microservices-spring-cloud.html
date:       2016-04-19
author:     noreply@blogger.com (Kenny Bastani)
header-img: img/background0.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - consistency
    - consistent
    - microservices
    - transactions
    - transacted
---

### Transaction Logs

Mostly all databases today support some form of high availability clustering. Most database products will provide a list of easy to understand guarantees about a system’s consistency model. A first step to achieving safety guarantees for stronger consistency models is to maintain an ordered log of database transactions. This approach is pretty simple in theory. A transaction log is an ordered record of all updates that were transacted by the database. When transactions are replayed in the exact order they were recorded, an exact replica of a database can be generated.

The diagram above represents three databases in a cluster that are replicating data using a shared transaction log. The zipper labeled *Primary* is the authority in this case and has the most current view of the database. The difference between the zippers represent the consistency of each replica, and as the transactions are replayed, each replica converges to a consistent state with the *Primary*. The basic idea here is that with eventual consistency, all zippers will eventually be zipped all the way up.

The transaction logs that databases use actually have deep roots in history that pre-dates computing. The fundamental approach for managing an ordered log of transactions was first used by Venetian merchants as far back as the *15th century*. The method that these Venetian merchants started using was called the [double-entry bookkeeping system](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double-entry_bookkeeping_system)—which is a system of bookkeeping that requires two side-by-side entries for each transaction. For each of these transactions, both a credit and a debit are specified from an origin account to a destination account. To calculate the balance of an account, any merchant could simply replicate the current state of all accounts by replaying the events recorded in the ledger. This same fundamental practice of bookkeeping is still used today, and to some extent its a basic concept for transaction management in modern database systems.

For databases that claim to have eventual consistency, it’s guaranteed that each node in the database cluster will converge towards a globally consistent state by simply replaying the transaction log that resulted from a merge of write transactions across replicas. This claim, however, is only a guarantee of a database’s *liveness* properties, ignoring any guarantees about its *safety* properties. The difference between *safety* and *liveness* here is that with eventual consistency we can only be guaranteed that all updates will be observed eventually, with no guarantee about correctness.

Most content available today that attempts to educate us on the benefits of microservices will contain a very sparse explanation behind the saying that "*microservices use eventual consistency*"—sometimes referencing [CAP theorem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CAP_theorem) to bolster any sense of existing confusion. This tends to be a shallow explanation that leads to more questions than answers. A more appropriate explanation of eventual consistency in microservices would be the following statement.

> 

Microservice architectures provide no guarantees about the correctness of your data.



The only consistency guarantee you’ll get with microservices is that all microservices will eventually agree on something—*correct or not*.

Cutting through the vast hype that exists on the road to building microservices is not only important, it is an assured eventuality that all developers must face. This is because when it comes to building software, a distributed system is a *distributed system*. A collection of communicating microservices are no exception. The good news is, there are tried and true patterns for how to successfully build and maintain complex distributed systems, and that’s the main theme of the rest of this article.
