---
layout:     post
title:      Wanted： another data scientist
subtitle:   转载自：https://datascopeanalytics.com/blog/wanted-another-data-scientist/
date:       2012-11-16
author:     Dean Malmgren
header-img: img/background3.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - data
    - involves designing
    - culture colleagues
    - new tools
    - involvement
---

*Updated November 16th, 2012*

We are looking for an additional colleague
that:

loves
analyzing and visualizing data to solve important problems
already excels at (1) and wants to improve and teach others how to be a
premier data scientist
is fun to be around and
work with.
That pretty much sums it up, but here are
some details to round out each of these points and some more specific
information about how and when to contact us.

### You love to solve important problems and see results.

We design solutions
across industries, which requires our team to quickly acquire domain
expertise in a variety of specialties. We are learners who are
eager to design new tools when a solution is not available and quickly
master new techniques when the opportunity presents itself. We are all
self-motivated and stimulated by our start-up “doer”
culture; colleagues don’t let other colleagues “pass the
buck.” Here is a little more detail on how
we approach
problems.

You care about design.We aim to grow
the best applied data science team in the world, and believe our
primary challenge is to build our team’s ability to effectively
communicate complex data-oriented ideas to the appropriate
audience. Most often, this involves designing intuitive
visualizations. Our ideal colleague has experience and interest in
designing interfaces and visuals that are simple, powerful, and
beautiful.

You write code and love it.We try
to not
be handcuffed by tools, but data scientists need to be able to
write code. More importantly, you must demonstrate your enthusiasm and
ability to improve. GitHub activity, StackOverflow chops, development
experience, and Quora involvement are all perks. The following list is
always changing, but here are some of our favorite
tools:
Python, deserves a line of its
ownAnalysis: Hadoop, SciPy, R, Celery, Googling
skillzGraphics: Inkscape, GIMP,
ProcessingJavascript: Raphaël, d3, Ember, Backbone,
jQuery- Databases: MySQL, MongoDB, HBase
Web: Django,
HTML5, CSS, SVG, SCSSUnix command line: sort, uniq, grep,
awk, cowsay, sed, cut, find, xargs, etc. 
You
thrive at a whiteboard as part of a creative team.A typical day
at Datascope Analytics involves spending time as a team in front of
the whiteboard brainstorming proposals or solutions for our clients,
pair-programming and designing dashboards, and conversing with
clients. We don’t have space for back-room nerdery, in part
because we do not have a back room. We’re also always down to
try new lunch spots in the Loop (and beyond) and we don’t take
ourselves too seriously. 

You have a life.We value
colleagues that have interests and expertise beyond the typical
“marketable skill set.” We wholeheartedly embrace
colleagues that have recently taken up crocheting, become avid
cyclists, love playing and listening to funk, are world-class bridge
players, enjoy cooking in all its glory, or tinker with robotics and
home automation. We believe it is important to enjoy what you do while
we are in the office, but that it is just as important to have
something that you look forward to doing when you
leave! 

Sound like a good match for you? Send a message
to [[email protected]](https://datascopeanalytics.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#3b4c5449507b5f5a4f5a4858544b5e5a555a57424f52584815585456) by
no later than Sunday, December 2, 2012 with examples of your work and
your LinkedIn profile. Feel free to include your Twitter, GitHub,
StackOverflow, or any other usernames as appropriate. We also accept
resumes if you feel the need to add credence to your college career
center. We will review and talk to candidates as we receive
applications.
