---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Whats new on arXiv
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/01/22/whats-new-on-arxiv-874/
date:      2019-01-22
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - learning
    - learns
    - networks
    - functions
    - modeling
---

**Effectiveness Assessment of Cyber-Physical Systems**

By achieving their purposes through interactions with the physical world, Cyber Physical Systems (CPS) pose new challenges in terms of dependability. Indeed, the evolution of the physical systems they control with transducers can be affected by surrounding physical processes over which they have no control and which may potentially hamper the achievement of their purposes. While it is illusory to hope for a comprehensive model of the physical environment at design time to anticipate and remove faults that may occur once these systems are deployed, it becomes necessary to evaluate their degree of effectiveness in vivo.In this paper, the degree of effectiveness is formally defined and generalized in the context of the measure theory and the mathematical properties it has to comply with are detailed. The measure is developed in the context of the Transfer Belief Model (TBM), an elaboration on the Dempster Shafer Theory (DST) of evidence so as to handle epistemic and aleatory uncertainties respectively pertaining the users expectations and the natural variability of the physical environment. This theoretical framework has several advantages over the probability and the possibility theories. (1) It is built on the Open World Assumption (OWA), (2) it allows to cope with dependent and possibly unreliable sources of information. The TBM is used in conjunction with the Input Output Hidden Markov Modeling framework (IOHMM) to specify the expected evolution of the physical system controlled by the CPS and the tolerances towards uncertainties. The measure of effectiveness is obtained from the forward algorithm, leveraging the conflict entailed by the successive combinations of the beliefs obtained from observations of the physical system and the beliefs corresponding to its expected evolution. The conflict, inherent to OWA, is meant to quantify the inability of the model at explaining observations.

**NeuNetS: An Automated Synthesis Engine for Neural Network Design**

Application of neural networks to a vast variety of practical applications is transforming the way AI is applied in practice. Pre-trained neural network models available through APIs or capability to custom train pre-built neural network architectures with customer data has made the consumption of AI by developers much simpler and resulted in broad adoption of these complex AI models. While prebuilt network models exist for certain scenarios, to try and meet the constraints that are unique to each application, AI teams need to think about developing custom neural network architectures that can meet the tradeoff between accuracy and memory footprint to achieve the tight constraints of their unique use-cases. However, only a small proportion of data science teams have the skills and experience needed to create a neural network from scratch, and the demand far exceeds the supply. In this paper, we present NeuNetS : An automated Neural Network Synthesis engine for custom neural network design that is available as part of IBM’s AI OpenScale’s product. NeuNetS is available for both Text and Image domains and can build neural networks for specific tasks in a fraction of the time it takes today with human effort, and with accuracy similar to that of human-designed AI models.

**Ranking Online Consumer Reviews**

The product reviews are posted online in the hundreds and even in the thousands for some popular products. Handling such a large volume of continuously generated online content is a challenging task for buyers, sellers, and even researchers. The purpose of this study is to rank the overwhelming number of reviews using their predicted helpfulness score. The helpfulness score is predicted using features extracted from review text data, product description data and customer question-answer data of a product using random-forest classifier and gradient boosting regressor. The system is made to classify the reviews into low or high quality by random-forest classifier. The helpfulness score of the high-quality reviews is only predicted using gradient boosting regressor. The helpfulness score of the low-quality reviews is not calculated because they are never going to be in the top k reviews. They are just added at the end of the review list to the review-listing website. The proposed system provides fair review placement on review listing pages and making all high-quality reviews visible to customers on the top. The experimental results on data from two popular Indian e-commerce websites validate our claim, as 3-4 new high-quality reviews are placed in the top ten reviews along with 5-6 old reviews based on review helpfulness. Our findings indicate that inclusion of features from product description data and customer question-answer data improves the prediction accuracy of the helpfulness score.

**Optimizing Deep Neural Networks with Multiple Search Neuroevolution**

This paper presents an evolutionary metaheuristic called Multiple Search Neuroevolution (MSN) to optimize deep neural networks. The algorithm attempts to search multiple promising regions in the search space simultaneously, maintaining sufficient distance between them. It is tested by training neural networks for two tasks, and compared with other optimization algorithms. The first task is to solve Global Optimization functions with challenging topographies. We found to MSN to outperform classic optimization algorithms such as Evolution Strategies, reducing the number of optimization steps performed by at least 2X. The second task is to train a convolutional neural network (CNN) on the popular MNIST dataset. Using 3.33% of the training set, MSN reaches a validation accuracy of 90%. Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) was able to match the same accuracy figure, while taking 7X less optimization steps. Despite lagging, the fact that the MSN metaheurisitc trains a 4.7M-parameter CNN suggests promise for future development. This is by far the largest network ever evolved using a pool of only 50 samples.

**Activation Functions for Generalized Learning Vector Quantization – A Performance Comparison**

An appropriate choice of the activation function (like ReLU, sigmoid or swish) plays an important role in the performance of (deep) multilayer perceptrons (MLP) for classification and regression learning. Prototype-based classification learning methods like (generalized) learning vector quantization (GLVQ) are powerful alternatives. These models also deal with activation functions but here they are applied to the so-called classifier function instead. In this paper we investigate successful candidates of activation functions known for MLPs for application in GLVQ and their influence on the performance.

**A robust functional time series forecasting method**

Univariate time series often take the form of a collection of curves observed sequentially over time. Examples of these include hourly ground-level ozone concentration curves. These curves can be viewed as a time series of functions observed at equally spaced intervals over a dense grid. Since functional time series may contain various types of outliers, we introduce a robust functional time series forecasting method to down-weigh the influence of outliers in forecasting. Through a robust principal component analysis based on projection pursuit, a time series of functions can be decomposed into a set of robust dynamic functional principal components and their associated scores. Conditioning on the estimated functional principal components, the crux of the curve-forecasting problem lies in modeling and forecasting principal component scores, through a robust vector autoregressive forecasting method. Via a simulation study and an empirical study on forecasting ground-level ozone concentration, the robust method demonstrates the superior forecast accuracy that dynamic functional principal component regression entails. The robust method also shows the superior estimation accuracy of the parameters in the vector autoregressive models for modeling and forecasting principal component scores, and thus improves curve forecast accuracy.

**A Survey of the Recent Architectures of Deep Convolutional Neural Networks**

Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are a special type of Neural Networks, which have shown state-of-the-art results on various competitive benchmarks. The powerful learning ability of deep CNN is largely achieved with the use of multiple non-linear feature extraction stages that can automatically learn hierarchical representation from the data. Availability of a large amount of data and improvements in the hardware processing units have accelerated the research in CNNs and recently very interesting deep CNN architectures are reported. The recent race in deep CNN architectures for achieving high performance on the challenging benchmarks has shown that the innovative architectural ideas, as well as parameter optimization, can improve the CNN performance on various vision-related tasks. In this regard, different ideas in the CNN design have been explored such as use of different activation and loss functions, parameter optimization, regularization, and restructuring of processing units. However, the major improvement in representational capacity is achieved by the restructuring of the processing units. Especially, the idea of using a block as a structural unit instead of a layer is gaining substantial appreciation. This survey thus focuses on the intrinsic taxonomy present in the recently reported CNN architectures and consequently, classifies the recent innovations in CNN architectures into seven different categories. These seven categories are based on spatial exploitation, depth, multi-path, width, feature map exploitation, channel boosting and attention. Additionally, it covers the elementary understanding of the CNN components and sheds light on the current challenges and applications of CNNs.

**Probabilistic symmetry and invariant neural networks**

In an effort to improve the performance of deep neural networks in data-scarce, non-i.i.d., or unsupervised settings, much recent research has been devoted to encoding invariance under symmetry transformations into neural network architectures. We treat the neural network input and output as random variables, and consider group invariance from the perspective of probabilistic symmetry. Drawing on tools from probability and statistics, we establish a link between functional and probabilistic symmetry, and obtain generative functional representations of joint and conditional probability distributions that are invariant or equivariant under the action of a compact group. Those representations completely characterize the structure of neural networks that can be used to model such distributions and yield a general program for constructing invariant stochastic or deterministic neural networks. We develop the details of the general program for exchangeable sequences and arrays, recovering a number of recent examples as special cases.

**Transfer Learning and Meta Classification Based Deep Churn Prediction System for Telecom Industry**

A churn prediction system guides telecom service providers to reduce revenue loss. Development of a churn prediction system for a telecom industry is a challenging task, mainly due to size of the data, high dimensional features, and imbalanced distribution of the data. In this paper, we focus on a novel solution to the inherent problems of churn prediction, using the concept of Transfer Learning (TL) and Ensemble-based Meta-Classification. The proposed method TL-DeepE is applied in two stages. The first stage employs TL by fine tuning multiple pre-trained Deep Convolution Neural Networks (CNNs). Telecom datasets are in vector form, which is converted into 2D images because Deep CNNs have high learning capacity on images. In the second stage, predictions from these Deep CNNs are appended to the original feature vector and thus are used to build a final feature vector for the high-level Genetic Programming and AdaBoost based ensemble classifier. Thus, the experiments are conducted using various CNNs as base classifiers with the contribution of high-level GP-AdaBoost ensemble classifier, and the results achieved are as an average of the outcomes. By using 10-fold cross-validation, the performance of the proposed TL-DeepE system is compared with existing techniques, for two standard telecommunication datasets; Orange and Cell2cell. In experimental result, the prediction accuracy for Orange and Cell2cell datasets were as 75.4% and 68.2% and a score of the area under the curve as 0.83 and 0.74, respectively.

**Cold-start Playlist Recommendation with Multitask Learning**

Playlist recommendation involves producing a set of songs that a user might enjoy. We investigate this problem in three cold-start scenarios: (i) cold playlists, where we recommend songs to form new personalised playlists for an existing user; (ii) cold users, where we recommend songs to form new playlists for a new user; and (iii) cold songs, where we recommend newly released songs to extend users’ existing playlists. We propose a flexible multitask learning method to deal with all three settings. The method learns from user-curated playlists, and encourages songs in a playlist to be ranked higher than those that are not by minimising a bipartite ranking loss. Inspired by an equivalence between bipartite ranking and binary classification, we show how one can efficiently approximate an optimal solution of the multitask learning objective by minimising a classification loss. Empirical results on two real playlist datasets show the proposed approach has good performance for cold-start playlist recommendation.

**Feature Pyramid and Hierarchical Boosting Network for Pavement Crack Detection**

Pavement crack detection is a critical task for insuring road safety. Manual crack detection is extremely time-consuming. Therefore, an automatic road crack detection method is required to boost this progress. However, it remains a challenging task due to the intensity inhomogeneity of cracks and complexity of the background, e.g., the low contrast with surrounding pavements and possible shadows with similar intensity. Inspired by recent advances of deep learning in computer vision, we propose a novel network architecture, named Feature Pyramid and Hierarchical Boosting Network (FPHBN), for pavement crack detection. The proposed network integrates semantic information to low-level features for crack detection in a feature pyramid way. And, it balances the contribution of both easy and hard samples to loss by nested sample reweighting in a hierarchical way. To demonstrate the superiority and generality of the proposed method, we evaluate the proposed method on five crack datasets and compare it with state-of-the-art crack detection, edge detection, semantic segmentation methods. Extensive experiments show that the proposed method outperforms these state-of-the-art methods in terms of accuracy and generality.

**V-monotone independence**

We introduce and study a new notion of non-commutative independence, called V-monotone independence, which can be viewed as an extension of the monotone independence of Muraki. We investigate the combinatorics of mixed moments of V-monotone random variables and prove the central limit theorem. We obtain a combinatorial formula for the limit moments and we find the solution of the differential equation for the moment generating function in the implicit form.

**Adapting Convolutional Neural Networks for Geographical Domain Shift**

We present the winning solution for the Inclusive Images Competition organized as part of the Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS 2018) Competition Track. The competition was organized to study ways to cope with domain shift in image processing, specifically geographical shift: the training and two test sets in the competition had different geographical distributions. Our solution has proven to be relatively straightforward and simple: it is an ensemble of several CNNs where only the last layer is fine-tuned with the help of a small labeled set of tuning labels made available by the organizers. We believe that while domain shift remains a formidable problem, our approach opens up new possibilities for alleviating this problem in practice, where small labeled datasets from the target domain are usually either available or can be obtained and labeled cheaply.

**Robust Anomaly Detection in Images using Adversarial Autoencoders**

Reliably detecting anomalies in a given set of images is a task of high practical relevance for visual quality inspection, surveillance, or medical image analysis. Autoencoder neural networks learn to reconstruct normal images, and hence can classify those images as anomalies, where the reconstruction error exceeds some threshold. Here we analyze a fundamental problem of this approach when the training set is contaminated with a small fraction of outliers. We find that continued training of autoencoders inevitably reduces the reconstruction error of outliers, and hence degrades the anomaly detection performance. In order to counteract this effect, an adversarial autoencoder architecture is adapted, which imposes a prior distribution on the latent representation, typically placing anomalies into low likelihood-regions. Utilizing the likelihood model, potential anomalies can be identified and rejected already during training, which results in an anomaly detector that is significantly more robust to the presence of outliers during training.





### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

