---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      My comments on Firefox Focus
subtitle:      转载自：https://rinzewind.org/blog-en/2019/my-comments-on-firefox-focus.html
date:      2019-01-24
author:      José María Mateos
tags:
    - cookies
    - firefox
    - tabs
    - blocks
    - blocking
---

Firefox Focus (FF) is a browser 
developed by Mozilla for iOs and Android platforms with privacy in mind. The 
biggest selling points is that a) it automatically blocks trackers, and b) 
cookies and browsing history are easily deleted. Blocking trackers has the 
desirable side effects of faster loading times and that some ads get killed in 
the process. It's like always browsing in private mode, which has its uses in 
this 
age. 
I have been using it for a while but stopped due to some shortcomings that 
didn't have easy solution. Then I ended up using a different solution that 
brings pretty much the same functionality with better usability.

## It's 2019 and the web is a mess

It's 2019, we have GDPR and other local laws, so websites on the European 
quadrant of the world feel the need to warn the user that there will be cookies, 
third party tracking, general bullshit on their side. Plus, these warnings are 
only shown the first time you visit their pages. In my desktop I deal with these 
annoyances in two ways:


I allow the cookie for that site to live in my computer. More on this later.


I use uBlock Origin to set up a rule 
 that kills that element and forget about it.


However, with FF every time one access a page it's like the first time, and 
there are no exceptions, so the annoyance is never ending.

## No ad blocking

As I said before, ad blocking is one of the anti-tracking byproducts. The 
downside is that it doesn't always work; I've even seen some pop-ups getting 
through from time to time. FF does not allow to install extensions, such as 
uBlock Origin mentioned above, so there is little one can do to fix this. There 
is a project to add an ad-blocker in future 
versions 
but that is not here yet, plus I guess it'll open a completely different set of 
problems.

## Usability issues

Apart from this, there are other small details that make FF not very optimal to 
use sometimes:


Can't really open tabs: as the instructions 
 indicate, 
 a new tab is opened when a new link is opened. But there is no way of opening 
 a tab for typing in the URL bar after, or at least I haven't been able to find 
 it; essentially tabs need to be reused after they are opened.


All of the history is deleted at once: there is no way to close a given tab, 
 so it's always either all or nothing.


Some sites really go to 11 with their anti ad-blocking protections. For 
 instance, FF can't open links within Los Angeles 
 Times, for example.


There are no bookmarks. One has the possibility of letting FF remember certain 
 URLs so it autocompletes them when typing, but that's all.


If you use some site that needs you to log in, you'll need to do that every 
 time.


## A better solution: standard Firefox with extensions

After a while using it, I think that FF has a very clear use case: you open 
links from e-mail or text messages, read them, then delete the history and 
pretend nothing happened. This is not really how I use the browser on my phone, 
so I started looking for other options that don't go through Google.

It turns out that the optimal combination is simply installing the regular 
Firefox browser plus two extensions (yes, Firefox mobile lets you install 
extensions!) that I also use on desktop: uBlock Origin and Cookie 
AutoDelete. The first 
one is a general-purpose blocker, and the second one provides 
the very nice functionality that cookies die as soon as the containing tab is 
closed, unless that particular site is whitelisted; essentially, cookie-wise we 
are always running in private mode except for a bunch of sites, such as the ones 
we want to remain logged into.

So now we have the best of both worlds: we can remain logged in into a 
particular site, or allow a certain page to remember us so it doesn't show any 
cookie banner, or we can block that cookie banner entirely, and for the rest of 
the Internet we don't really care about (99 % of it), it's like we never existed 
after the first visit.
