---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Top 5 Data Science Courses in 2019
subtitle:      转载自：https://dimensionless.in/top-5-data-science-courses-in-2019/
date:      2019-01-09
author:      Kartik Singh
tags:
    - data
    - courses
    - sciences
    - python
    - programming
---

### Introduction

Data Science has been a buzzword for a while now with more people aiming to look ahead for the career opportunities it provides. Additionally, if you are looking for a career change to data science or you want to build a career in it or you are really passionate about it, then Dimensionless Technologies has some great courses just for you

Also, Dimensionless Tech provides best online data science training that provides in-depth course coverage, case study based learning, entirely Hands-on driven sessions with personalised attention to every participant. But we provide only instructor-led LIVE online training sessions and not classroom training.

Furthermore, we present you top courses in data science that you should take in 2019. Moreover, these courses have been picked based on their popularity and exhaustiveness in covering data science syllabus. Also, you can have a sneak peek into how we conduct classes at Dimensionless which will help you make a wiser choice ahead.Demo tutorial: Link

### Online Courses

#### 1. Stanford’s Foundation for Data Science

You can break into the rapidly growing field of data science with Stanford University’s Foundations for Data Science professional program. Additionally, it comprises of three comprehensive and introductory online courses. Moreover, this program will teach you the foundational programming and statistics skills you need to kick-start a career in data science — no prior experience necessary.

Also, you get to learn from Stanford faculty with step-by-step instructions, listen to insights from industry experts, and develop your understanding through case studies and real-world examples. Additionally, the program includes ungraded programming exercises to help build and practice your skills. No final exam or capstone project is required.

Furthermore, you can find more about the program from the below link

https://mitxpro.mit.edu/courses/course-v1:MITxPRO+DSx+1T2019/about

#### 2. MIT’s Data Science and Big Data Analytics

**MIT Institute for Data, Systems, and Society (IDSS)** created the online course **Data Science and Big Data Analytics: Making Data-Driven Decisions** for data scientist professionals looking to harness data in new and innovative ways.

Additionally, over the course of seven weeks, you will take your data analytics skills to the next level as you learn the theory and practice behind recommendation engines, regressions, network and graphical modelling, anomaly detection, hypothesis testing, machine learning, and big data analytics.

Also, you can enrol for the course using the below link

Link: https://bigdataanalytics.mit.edu/

#### Dimensionless Technologies-Data Science using R and Python

Dimensionless Technologies provides best online data science training that provides in-depth course coverage, case study based learning, entirely Hands-on driven sessions with personalized attention to every participant. But we provide only instructor-led LIVE online training sessions and not classroom training. Although, this one is not a free course as compared to the above ones but has good ROI. Additionally, the course is suitable for the beginners who are looking to make a career in data science as course covers all the important concepts in great detail along with their practical applications. Also as compared to the above courses, this course is based on the live interaction of students and teachers online rather than having pre-recorded videos through which one can clear their doubts very easily

Following are the courses available


**Data Science using R and Python** (Link)
This is our complete data science course which is specifically designed for all the people looking for a career in the data science. Furthermore, this course requires no pre-requisites and walks learners from basics to depth in every topic.This course includes1. Descriptive Statistics(Variability, Distributions, Central tendency etc)2. Inferential Statistics(Hypothesis Testing, ANOVA, Regression, T-tests etc)3. R (functions, libraries, dplyr, apply etc)4. Python (Functions, pandas, numpy, sci-kit learn etc)5. Machine Learning (Regression, SVM, Naive Bayes, Time Series Forecasting etc)6. Tableau7. Final Project

**Big Data and NLP** (Link)
Data is everywhere and there is a lot of it actually. Also, Big Data gives us the capability to work on this large amount of data. This course is designed for learners who want to understand how data science is applied in the industry over the big data setup. Also, this course will help learners to understand Natural Language Processing and making learners perform analytics when encountered with a lot of textual dataThis course includes1. Spark basics and its architecture2. Data Manipulation with Spark3. Applied Machine Learning with Spark4. Text Processing using NLTK5. Building Text Classifiers with Machine Learning6. Semantic Analysis

**Deep Learning** (Link)
Machine Learning has been booming off late. This course is designed for all the people who are looking for machine learning engineer profile. Furthermore, this covers the concept starting from the basics of neural networks to building them to solve different case studiesThis course includes1. Understanding Neural networks and Deep Learning2. Tuning Deep Neural Networks3. Convolutional Neural Networks4. Recursive Neural Network

##### **Big Data and NLP** (Link)

Also, you can enrol for the courses here

Link: https://dimensionless.in

#### 3. University of Michigan -Data Science Course

The mission of the University of Michigan is to serve the people of Michigan and the world through preeminence in creating, communicating, preserving and applying knowledge, art, and academic values. Also, it believes in developing leaders and citizens who will challenge the present and enrich the future.

This course will introduce the learner to the basics of the Python programming environment, including fundamental python programming techniques such as lambdas, reading and manipulating CSV files, and the numpy library. Also, the course will introduce data manipulation and cleaning techniques using the popular python pandas data science library and introduce the abstraction of the Series and DataFrame as the central data structures for data analysis, along with tutorials on how to use functions such as groupby, merge, and pivot tables effectively. Furthermore, by the end of this course, students will be able to take tabular data, clean it, manipulate it, and run basic inferential statistical analyses.

Additionally, the course covers

1. Introduction to Data Science in Python

1. Applied Plotting, Charting & Data Representation in Python

1. Machine Learning in Python

1. Text Mining in Python

1. Social Network Analysis in Python


Also, you can enrol for the course using below link

Link: https://www.coursera.org/specializations/data-science-python

#### 4. John Hopkins University- Data Science Specialisation

This Specialization covers the concepts and tools you’ll need throughout the entire data science pipeline, from asking the right kinds of questions to making inferences and publishing results. Also, in the final Capstone Project, you’ll apply the skills learned by building a data product using real-world data. At completion, students will have a portfolio demonstrating their mastery of the material.

The specialisation covers

1. The Data Scientist’s Toolbox

1. R Programming

1. Getting and Cleaning Data

1. Exploratory Data Analysis

1. Reproducible Research

1. Statistical Inference

1. Regression Models

1. Practical Machine Learning

1. Developing Data Products


Also, you can find more about it on the below link

Link: https://www.coursera.org/specializations/jhu-data-science

#### 5. IBM Data Science Course

Data Science has been ranked as one of the hottest professions and the demand for data practitioners is booming. Furthermore, this Professional Certificate from IBM is intended for anyone interested in developing skills and experience to pursue a **career in Data Science** or Machine Learning.

Additionally, this program consists of 9 courses providing you with **latest job-ready skills** and techniques covering a wide array of data science topics including open source tools and libraries, methodologies, Python, databases, SQL, data visualization, data analysis, and machine learning. Also, you will practice hands-on in the IBM Cloud using real data science tools and real-world data sets.

This specialisation includes

1. Introduction to Data Science

1. Open source tools for Data Science

1. Data Science methodology

1. Python for Data Science

1. Database and SQL for Data Science

1. Python for Data Analysis

1. Data Visualisation in Python

1. Machine Learning in Python


Also, you can read more about the course on the below link

Link: https://www.coursera.org/specializations/ibm-data-science-professional-certificate

### Conclusion

In this blog, we discussed top courses you can take for Data Sciences in 2019. Furthermore, all these courses are highly rated by students worldwide. Also, they have been provided by the institutes renowned across the globe. Although most of the courses above offer certification from an international institution, they may not be a feasible choice when running on a budget. In contrast, Dimensionless technologies have the right courses, in your budget, for you if you are aiming to kick-start your career in the field of data science. Not only we cover all the important concepts and technologies but also focus on their implementation and usage in real-world business problems. Also, you can follow the link to register yourself for the free demo of the courses!

Also, you can read more on data science in our blog section here. Furthermore, you can have a look at some of the suggested blogs below

 
