---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Document worth reading： “Rethinking the Artificial Neural Networks： A Mesh of Subnets with a Central Mechanism for Storing and Predicting the Data”
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/01/18/document-worth-reading-rethinking-the-artificial-neural-networks-a-mesh-of-subnets-with-a-central-mechanism-for-storing-and-predicting-the-data/
date:      2019-01-18
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - anns
    - networks
    - connections
    - architecture
    - datasets
---

The Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs) have been originally designed to function like a biological neural network, but does an ANN really work in the same way as a biological neural network? As we know, the human brain holds information in its memory cells, so if the ANNs use the same model as our brains, they should store datasets in a similar manner. The most popular type of ANN architecture is based on a layered structure of neurons, whereas a human brain has trillions of complex interconnections of neurons continuously establishing new connections, updating existing ones, and removing the irrelevant connections across different parts of the brain. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to building ANNs which are truly inspired by the biological network containing a mesh of subnets controlled by a central mechanism. A subnet is a network of neurons that hold the dataset values. We attempt to address the following fundamental questions: (1) What is the architecture of the ANN model? Whether the layered architecture is the most appropriate choice? (2) Whether a neuron is a process or a memory cell? (3) What is the best way of interconnecting neurons and what weight-assignment mechanism should be used? (4) How to incorporate prior knowledge, bias, and generalizations for features extraction and prediction? Our proposed ANN architecture leverages the accuracy on textual data and our experimental findings confirm the effectiveness of our model. We also collaborate with the construction of the ANN model for storing and processing the images. Rethinking the Artificial Neural Networks: A Mesh of Subnets with a Central Mechanism for Storing and Predicting the Data





### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

