---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      The Ultrarich's dirty secret： not paying taxes
subtitle:      转载自：http://wesmckinney.com/blog/thoughts-on-taxes/
date:      2019-01-07
author:      Wes McKinney
tags:
    - january
    - wide disparity
    - original rationale
    - heard friends talk
    - frequently bone
---





** Mon 07 January 2019

 

The tax situation in the United States is pretty messed up.

Much ado has been made over the last week about AOC suggesting bringing back
the pre-Reagan era 70% marginal tax rate on regular income over
$10,000,000. This means that if you made $12 million in normal income in a
single year, you would pay 70% of the last $2 million to the federal
government.

At the same time, the American taxpayer still hasn't seen Donald J. Trump's tax
returns. There has been speculation about why they have not been made public. I
am pretty sure I know the reason: people would be disturbed not only how little
taxes he is paying, but also how low his adjusted gross income (AGI) is. In
other words, I would guess that Trump is holding a lot of his wealth in
offshore accounts, outside of the grasp of the IRS.

Since I graduated from college in 2007, I have had a small window into the
financial lives of very wealthy people, from hedge fund managers to Silicon
Valley millionaires and billionaires. At the same time, many people I know
(myself included, depending on the year) have joined the ranks of the High
Earning, Not Rich Yet (HENRY) class of working Americans. This has given me
some perspective on our current tax policy, which to me seems in many ways to
be grossly unfair to people who depend on a regular job for their livelihood.

While I am no economist, just a lowly computer programmer, I will dig into
these topics to offer my perspective and experience.

## Capital gains rate: does it still make sense?

Generally speaking, people in the United States make two different kinds of
income: normal income and capital gains. "Normal income" is the kind that you
make as a full time employee (reported on a W-2 form) or an independent
contractor (reported on a 1099 form). "Capital gains" is profit from
investments or proceeds from assets bought and sold, like stocks or real
estate.

Personally, most of the income I make is from normal employment, followed by
book royalties from "Python for Data Analysis" which are recognized as 1099
independent contractor income. Depending on the year, I may make some
investment income, but as a non-millionaire, it is a relatively small amount of
money.

The thing about capital gains versus normal income is that the marginal tax
rate on capital gains is much lower. Short term capital gains (e.g. money that
you made from day trading stocks or options) is treated like normal income, so
let's consider Long Term Capital Gains (LTCG): profit made on assets held for
one year or more. The LTCG tax rate for 2018 is either 15% or 20% depending on
whether your total income (adjusted gross income, or AGI) is more or less than
about $400,000, i.e. whether or not you are a member of the "1%" of earners in
the US.

By contrast, normal income tax rates top out at 37% on income made over
$500,000. Income between $38,701 and $82,500 is taxed at 22%, which is already
higher than the LTCG rate. Additionally, depending on where you live, such
income may be subjected to additional state and local taxes. If you live in New
York City, these state and local taxes can add up to about an additional
10%. This can mean paying nearly 50% of income marginally in various forms of
taxes.

In many cases, the wealthier someone is, the higher the fraction of their
income is capital gains. They may not make any normal income at all, simply
"living off their wealth". Many people consider this "not having to work to
live" to be the definition of being rich or wealthy. I've heard friends talk
about what their "number" is (how much money they need to have in the bank)
where they feel like they don't have to work anymore.

What is disturbing to me about the capital gains tax rate is that if you
compare two people who respectively make $250,000 per year and $5 million per
year, the person making $5 million per year may well be paying a lot lower net
tax rate on their earnings. Why, as you become increasingly wealthy, should
your tax rate *go down*?

The reason for the low LTCG tax rate, of course, is to "incentivize
investment". I can understand the original rationale for this, but the way that
the tax code has evolved has subverted much of the original intent. The wide
disparity in tax rate between normal income and LTCG has created an enormous
incentive for the uberwealthy to structure their income to pass through various
"loop holes" in the tax code to be recognized as capital gains. As one famous
example, hedge fund managers for years have been passing their performance and
management fees through the "carried interest" loop hole, so that even if a
fund manager makes $100 million in fees in a single year, they will only pay
20% in taxes.

Personally, I think super rich people paying only 20% tax rate, regardless of
how they made the money, is ridiculously unfair to all of the Americans who
work full-time to make ends meet, many of whom are paying a higher tax rate. If
I were in charge of the tax code, I would tax capital gains for high income
individuals at normal income tax rates or close to it.

The problems don't stop at the capital gains tax rate, so let's move on to the
next important topic.

## Next level rich: paying no taxes

As far as I can tell, many people with extremely high net worth (over $100
million) are concerned with two things:

- Not paying taxes

- Passing on their wealth to their children tax-free when they die


This last topic has been a frequently bone of contention in American politics:
on death, estates are generally subjected to taxation (known as the "estate
tax" or also the "death tax" by some opponents). One argument frequently cited
by opponents is that this money has "already been taxed", so taxation on
transfer to children is effectively "double taxation". Whatever.

The desire of the ultrawealthy to avoid taxes has spawned an
industry of "estate planners" and attorneys who assist in various tax avoidance
schemes. Without getting too much into the details, let's look at some
principle use cases to understand how this works.

If you are extremely wealthy, the biggest expenses in your life may be the
following:

- Real estate

- Cars

- Private aviation (including private jet ownership)


The big question is: why would you "patriate" income in the United States to
pay for these things if you don't have to? For a lot of super rich people,
significant capital gains are generated from international business activity
and held in offshore bank accounts, typically in "tax havens" like the Cayman
Islands. Why transfer money to your US accounts and pay taxes if you can have a
shell company in the Cayman Islands pay for your private jet expenses and buy
and hold your real estate?

Outside of providing a tax-free way to pay for one's lifestyle, tax havens
serve an additional purpose: avoiding the inheritance tax on death. The
children of the super rich are likely to continue living a similar kind of
lifestyle, and they will keep working with the same tax attorneys and estate
planners who helped their parents avoid taxes in the first place.

This brings us back to Donald Trump. A recent New York Times investigation
alleged that Trump's father, Fred Trump, engaged in various schemes to transfer
hundreds of millions of dollars in wealth to his children without paying
taxes. Why would the son (Donald) be any less of a tax cheat? What difference
does it make to his children if their wealth is held in the Cayman Islands or
in the United States? This, I think, is the real reason why we'll never see
Trump's tax returns. It would raise too many questions about where income is
generated and where it is held.

## Summary

The unfortunate part of all of this is that there is little that the United
States government can do to address the problems with tax havens and the
ultrarich.

Outside of this though, very rich people really ought to be paying a lot more
taxes income earned in the United States. To me, the most fair thing seems to
be:

- A much higher marginal tax rate on income in excess of $1 million

A much higher long term capital gains rate for high earners, if not equal to
 the normal income tax rate

I recognize that neither of these things is likely to happen in the current
political climate, but it is important for more people to believe that these
ideas are neither radical nor unreasonable. Even if the above proposals are
implemented, rich people are still going to "cheat the system" in some ways,
paying far less than their share of taxes.

As a working professional, I am happy to do my part to fund the government, and
I am okay with my tax rate staying the same or increasing. I think everyone
else, including very rich people, should do the same.
