---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Distilled News
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/01/22/distilled-news-956/
date:      2019-01-22
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - data
    - learning
    - machines
    - computing
    - computational
---

**Feature Selection using Genetic Algorithms in R**

This is a post about feature selection using genetic algorithms in R, in which we will do a quick review about:• What are genetic algorithms?• GA in ML?• What does a solution look like?• GA process and its operators• The fitness function• Genetics Algorithms in R!• Try it yourself• Relating concepts

**When Automation Bites Back**

The pilots fought continuously until the end of the flight’, said Capt. Nurcahyo Utomo, the head of the investigation of Lion Air Flight 610 that crashed on October 29, 2018, killing the 189 people aboard. The analysis of the black boxes had revealed that the Boeing 737’s nose was repeatedly forced down, apparently by an automatic system receiving incorrect sensor readings. During 10 minutes preceding the tragedy, the pilots tried 24 times to manually pull up the nose of the plane. They struggled against a malfunctioning anti-stall system that they did not know how to disengage for that specific version of the plane. That type of dramatic scene of humans struggling with a stubborn automated system belongs to pop culture. In the famous scene of the 1968 science-fiction film ‘2001: A Space Odyssey’, the astronaut Dave asks HAL (Heuristically programmed ALgorithmic computer) to open a pod bay door on the spacecraft, to which HAL responds repeatedly, ‘I’m sorry, Dave, I’m afraid I can’t do that’.

**Factor Analysis in R with Psych Package: Measuring Consumer Involvement**

The first step for anyone who wants to promote or sell something is to understand the psychology of potential customers. Getting into the minds of consumers is often problematic because measuring psychological traits is a complex task. Researchers have developed many parameters that describe our feelings, attitudes, personality and so on. One of these measures is consumer involvement, which is a measure of the attitude people have towards a product or service. The most common method to measure psychological traits is to ask people a battery of questions. Analysing these answers is complicated because it is difficult to relate the responses to a survey to the software of the mind. While the answers given by survey respondents are the directly measured variables, what we like to know are the hidden (latent) states in the mind of the consumer. Factor Analysis is a technique that helps to discover latent variables within a responses set of data, such as a customer survey. The basic principle of measuring consumer attitudes is that the consumer’s state of mind causes them to respond to questions in a certain way. Factor analysis seeks to reverse this causality by looking for patterns in the responses that are indicative of the consumer’s state of mind. Using a computing analogy, factor analysis is a technique to reverse-engineer the source code by analysing the input and output. This article introduces the concept of consumer involvement and how it can be predictive of other important marketing metrics such as service quality. An example using data from tap water consumers illustrates the theory. The data collected from these consumers is analysed using factor analysis in R, using the psych package.

**Responsible AI Practices**

The development of AI is creating new opportunities to improve the lives of people around the world, from business to healthcare to education. It is also raising new questions about the best way to build fairness, interpretability, privacy, and security into these systems. These questions are far from solved, and in fact are active areas of research and development. Google is committed to making progress in the responsible development of AI and to sharing knowledge, research, tools, datasets, and other resources with the larger community. Below we share some of our current work and recommended practices. As with all of our research, we will take our latest findings into account, work to incorporate them as appropriate, and adapt as we learn more over time.

**Data Scientist’s Dilemma: The Cold Start Problem – Ten Machine Learning Examples**

The ancient philosopher Confucius has been credited with saying ‘study your past to know your future.’ This wisdom applies not only to life but to machine learning also. Specifically, the availability and application of labeled data (things past) for the labeling of previously unseen data (things future) is fundamental to supervised machine learning. Without labels (diagnoses, classes, known outcomes) in past data, then how do we make progress in labeling (explaining) future data? This would be a problem.

**Must-Read Tutorial to Learn Sequence Modeling**

The ability to predict what comes next in a sequence is fascinating. It’s one of the reasons I became interested in data science! Interestingly – human mind is really good at it, but that is not the case with machines. Given a mysterious plot in a book, the human brain will start creating outcomes. But, how to teach machines to do something similar? Thanks to Deep Learning – we can do lot more today than what was possible a few years back. The ability to work with sequence data, like music lyrics, sentence translation, understanding reviews or building chatbots – all this is now possible thanks to sequence modeling.

**An Intro to High-Level Keras API in Tensorflow**

Tensorflow is the most famous library used in production for deep learning models. It has a very large and awesome community and gives lots of flexibility in operations. However, Tensorflow is not that user-friendly and has a steeper learning curve. To solve that, the high-level Keras API of Tensorflow provides building blocks to create and train deep learning models more easily. Also, Keras models are made by connecting configurable building blocks together with few restrictions. It makes it more modular and composable. You can explore on their official site.

**Starting with Tensorflow: the basics**

Tensorflow is an open source software library for numerical computation using data flow graphs that enables machine learning practitioners to do more data-intensive computing. It provides a robust implementation of some widely used deep learning algorithms and has flexible architecture. The main features of tensorflow are fast computing, flexibility, portability, easy debugging, unified API, extensible.

**A Glimpse of TensorFlow**

TensorFlow is a popular open-source software library from Google. Originally it was developed by the Google Brain team for internal Google use. As the AI research community got more and more collaborative, TensorFlow was released under the Apache 2.0 open source license. Detailed study of TensorFlow can take months. But a glimpse of its power provides a good motivation to dive into it. With this in mind, this blog looks at implementation of a classification model. Classification is one of the frequent problems we work in AI. Typically we have a set of inputs that have to be classified into different categories. We can use TensorFlow to train a model for this task. Below, we will step through each step of one such implementation.

**Stocks, Significance Testing & p-Hacking: How volatile is volatile?**

Stocks, Significance Testing & p-Hacking. Follow me on Twitter (twitter.com/pdquant) for more. Over the past 32 years, October has been the most volatile month on average for the S&P500 and December the least, in this article we will use simulation to assess the statistical significance of this observation and to what extent this observation could occur by chance. All code included! Originally posted here. Our goal:• Demonstrate how to use Pandas to analyze Time Series• Understand how to construct a hypothesis test• Use simulation to perform hypothesis testing• Show the importance of accounting for multiple comparison bias

**SOD – An Embedded Computer Vision & Machine Learning Library**

SOD is an embedded, modern cross-platform computer vision and machine learning software library that expose a set of APIs for deep-learning, advanced media analysis & processing including real-time, multi-class object detection and model training on embedded systems with limited computational resource and IoT devices. SOD was built to provide a common infrastructure for computer vision applications and to accelerate the use of machine perception in open source as well commercial products.

**SHAP (SHapley Additive exPlanations)**

SHAP (SHapley Additive exPlanations) is a unified approach to explain the output of any machine learning model. SHAP connects game theory with local explanations, uniting several previous methods [1-7] and representing the only possible consistent and locally accurate additive feature attribution method based on expectations (see the SHAP NIPS paper for details).

**RStudio Connect 1.7.0**

RStudio Connect is the publishing platform for everything you create in R. In conversations with our customers, R users were excited to have a central place to share all their data products, but were facing a tough problem. Their colleagues working in Python didn’t have the same option, leaving their work stranded on their desktops. Today, we are excited to introduce the ability for data science teams to publish Jupyter Notebooks and mixed Python and R content to RStudio Connect. Connect 1.7.0 is a major release that also includes many other significant improvements, such as programmatic deployment and historical event data.





### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

