---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Using Travis-CI to Create R-bloggers for Taiwan
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/hg7KXsLfFSQ/
date:      2019-01-29
author:      Yongfu, Liao
tags:
    - r部落客
    - bloggers
    - rss
    - travis
    - created
---





R-bloggers.com is a great platform for R users, but I sometimes feel awkward to publish posts on R-bloggers when I have things to share that are only relevant to users in Taiwan. Inspired by R-bloggers, I thought maybe I could use Travis-CI and GitHub to create a blog that automatically updates its posts by retrieving them from submitted RSS feeds, just like R-bloggers.

## R-bloggers for Taiwan

The name of the blog I created is “R部落客”, which is *R-bloggers* literally in traditional Chinese.

The blog is served using GitHub Pages and is hosted under the organization, Rbloggers, on GitHub. To make the platform work, there are three repositories created – RSSparser, Rbloggers.github.io, and facebook-publish, all integrated with Travis-CI.I set up a daily cron job to run on **RSSparser** repo, which generates JSON files to be used for creating new posts.After finishing the build, Travis-CI pushes the JSON files to `gh-pages` branch of **RSSparser** and triggers a build (using Travis-CI API) to run on **Rbloggers.github.io** repo.The build on **Rbloggers.github.io** then writes new posts by retrieving the JSON files saved on branch `gh-pages` of **RSSparser**.Another build is also triggered to run on **facebook-publish** by the build on **Rbloggers.github.io**, which shares the new posts created in **Rbloggers.github.io** on Facebook (using Facebook API).

I learned about the capabilities of Travis-CI in the bookdown book and the blogdown book. Although not directly related to R, I think most R users will benefit a lot by if they know how to use Travis-CI.

## Looking for R Bloggers & Users from Taiwan

Currently, R部落客 is in its infancy and needs support. We are looking for R users and bloggers who read and write in traditional Chinese.


If you are an R user, you can follow **R部落客** via Facebook fan page.


If you write blog posts about R in traditional Chinese, I believe **R部落客** will be a great platform to advertise your work. You can read more about joining **R部落客** here.



*Related*








---
