---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Distilled News
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/01/18/distilled-news-954/
date:      2019-01-18
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - data
    - learning
    - algorithms
    - models
    - modelling
---

**A map for Machine Learning on AWS**

It looks like Christmas is a little early this year ðŸ˜‰ Here’s a little something from me to all of you out there: a map to navigate ML services on AWS. With all the new stuff launched at re:Invent, I’m quite sure it will come in handy!

**26 Statistical Concepts Explained in Simple English – Part 6**

This resource is part of a series on specific topics related to data science: regression, clustering, neural networks, deep learning, decision trees, ensembles, correlation, Python, R, Tensorflow, SVM, data reduction, feature selection, experimental design, cross-validation, model fitting, and many more.

**13 Solutions to Multi-Arm Bandit Problem for Non-Mathematicians**

The problem is simple, we have a slot machine with n number of arms. And we have limited numbers of trials on which arm we can pull, also we don’t know which arms will give us the most amount of money. Assuming that the probability distribution does not change over time (meaning that this is a stationary problem)…. Which arm should we pull? Should we pull the arm that gave us the most amount of reward in the past or should we explore in hopes of getting more optimal arm? There are multiple solutions to this problem, and usually, people measure regret in order to rank each solution. (Regret == simply put, the amount of penalty that we get for not pulling the optimal arm.). So to minimize regret we just have to pull the arm that has the highest probability of giving us a reward. But I wanted to look at an additional measurement, specifically, I will also take into account how well each algorithm estimates the probability distribution for each arm. (the probability that they will give us a reward). And see each of their performance on a smaller scale, in which we only have 12 arms, and a larger scale, in which we have 1000 arms. Finally, the aim of this post is to provide a simple implementation of each solution, for non-mathematicians (like me). Hence the theoretical guarantees and proofs are not discussed but, I have provided different links for people who wish to study this problem more in depth. Below is the list of methods that we are going to compare…..

**A Radical New Neural Network Design Could Overcome Big Challenges in AI**

Researchers borrowed equations from calculus to redesign the core machinery of deep learning so it can model continuous processes like changes in health.

**From shallow feature learning to deep learning: Benefits from the width and depth of deep architectures**

Since Pearson developed principal component analysis (PCA) in 1901, feature learning (or called representation learning) has been studied for more than 100?years. During this period, many ‘shallow’ feature learning methods have been proposed based on various learning criteria and techniques, until the popular deep learning research in recent years. In this advanced review, we describe the historical profile of the shallow feature learning research and introduce the important developments of the deep learning models. Particularly, we survey the deep architectures with benefits from the optimization of their width and depth, as these models have achieved new records in many applications, such as image classification and object detection. Finally, several interesting directions of deep learning are presented and briefly discussed.

**Transforming big data into smart data: An insight on the use of the k-nearest neighbors algorithm to obtain quality data**

The k-nearest neighbors algorithm is characterized as a simple yet effective data mining technique. The main drawback of this technique appears when massive amounts of data – likely to contain noise and imperfections – are involved, turning this algorithm into an imprecise and especially inefficient technique. These disadvantages have been subject of research for many years, and among others approaches, data preprocessing techniques such as instance reduction or missing values imputation have targeted these weaknesses. As a result, these issues have turned out as strengths and the k-nearest neighbors rule has become a core algorithm to identify and correct imperfect data, removing noisy and redundant samples, or imputing missing values, transforming Big Data into Smart Data – which is data of sufficient quality to expect a good outcome from any data mining algorithm. The role of this smart data gleaning algorithm in a supervised learning context are investigated. This includes a brief overview of Smart Data, current and future trends for the k-nearest neighbor algorithm in the Big Data context, and the existing data preprocessing techniques based on this algorithm. We present the emerging big data-ready versions of these algorithms and develop some new methods to cope with Big Data. We carry out a thor- ough experimental analysis in a series of big datasets that provide guidelines as to how to use the k-nearest neighbor algorithm to obtain Smart/Quality Data for a high- quality data mining process. Moreover, multiple Spark Packages have been devel- oped including all the Smart Data algorithms analyzed.

**Automated Machine Learning: Using AI to build better AI**

Now that knowledge of machine learning is making its way into offices all around the world, company leaders have a strong desire to automate processes that have existed manually for years. Google’s Jasmeet Bhatia, a talented machine learning specialist, explained to us the ways in which Google is innovating unique processes meant to facilitate effective automation at the Data Science Salon in New York City in September 2018.

**Using clusterlab to benchmark clustering algorithms**

**Neural Text Modelling with R package ruimtehol**

**Transfer Learning in NLP for Tweet Stance Classification**

A comparison of two transfer learning methods in Natural Language Processing: ‘ULMFiT’ and the ‘OpenAI Transformer’ for a multi-class classification task involving Twitter data.

**Latent Dirichlet Allocation**

Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) is a ‘generative probabilistic model’ of a collection of composites made up of parts. In terms of topic modeling, the composites are documents and the parts are words and/or phrases (n-grams). But you could apply LDA to DNA and nucleotides, pizzas and toppings, molecules and atoms, employees and skills, or keyboards and crumbs.

**Why you should care about the rising economy of algorithms**

In 2016, a Reddit user made a confession. FiletOfFish1066 had automated all of the work tasks and spent around six years ‘doing nothing’. While the original post seems to have disappeared from Reddit, there are numerous reports about the admission. The original poster suggested that he (all the stories refer to FiletOfFish1066 as male) spent about 50 hours doing ‘real work’. The rest?-?’nothing’. When his employer found out, FiletOfFish1066 was fired. I think this is the worst mistake an employer can make. He should have been given a pay rise. But that’s a topic for another article. Let’s talk about hiring algorithms to work for you?-?just like FiletOfFish1066 had a bunch of algorithms working for him.

**Getting Started with Randomized Optimization in Python**

mlrose provides functionality for implementing some of the most popular randomization and search algorithms, and applying them to a range of different optimization problem domains. In this tutorial, we will discuss what is meant by an optimization problem and step through an example of how mlrose can be used to solve them. This is the first in a series of three tutorials. Parts 2 and 3 will be published over the next two weeks.





### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

