---
layout:     post
title:      Learning, Machine Learning
subtitle:   转载自：http://fa.bianp.net/blog/2009/learning-machine-learning/
date:       2009-12-15
author:     Fabian Pedregosa
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - machine learning
    - books
    - source
    - artificial
    - complexity
    - starts describing
    - provide detailed
    - inspiration
    - pattern
    - describes
    - exercises
    - interesting historical
    - interestingly
---

My new job is about managing an open source package for machine learning
in Python. I've had some experience with Python now, but I am a total
newbie in the field of machine learning, so my first task will be to
find a good reference book in the subject and start reading. The books
I've come across so far have been: The classic "Artificial Intelligence,
A Modern Approach" by Rusell & Norvig, also known by its initials AIMA
has been a very valuable introduction. It has four chapters devoted to
Machine Learning, and while it does not go very deeply into the maths
nor provide detailed analysis of the algorithm, it can be read fairly
easily and has very interesting historical notes at the end of each
chapter. "Data Mining, Practical Machine Learning Tools and Techniques"
by Ian H. Witten and Eibe Frank. It is easy going, a bit more in-depth
but does not go very deep into the maths (and when it does, the section
is marked as 'optional'). The second part of the book, called "The Weka
Machine Learning Workbench" describes Weka, a machine learning framework
written in Java. For me, this is an invaluable resource, as Weka seems
to be fairly well designed and will surely provide some design
inspiration. "Pattern Classification", by Richard O Duda, Peter E Hart,
David G Stork. A bit harsh at the beginning, this book is slowly
becoming my favorite. Doesn't hide the maths behind the algorithms, has
complete sections on computational complexity, lots of exercises at the
end of each chapter ... I just wish it came with answers to (selected)
exercises. Interestingly, this books starts describing the most specific
methods and finishes with the most general ones. In AIMA, you'll find
the reverse scheme.
