---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      ICCV 2015, Day 1
subtitle:      转载自：http://www.nowozin.net/sebastian/blog/iccv-2015-day-1.html
date:      2015-12-14
img:      3
author:      Sebastian Nowozin
tags:
    - colors
    - papers
    - lenses
    - images
    - histogram
---

ICCV 2015, the International Conference on
Computer Vision, is one of the premier venues for computer vision research,
together with the CVPR conference.
This ICCV is happening in Santiago, Chile, a beautiful city with amazing food.

The computer vision community is growing, and this ICCV is the largest so far
(1460 attendees, 525 papers). Since a few years computer vision is broadly
relevant for the industry and there are no less than 22 companies sponsoring
the conference.
The acceptance rate this year was 30.92%, with the acceptance for oral
presentations at 3.30%.
All papers of the conference are available as open-access PDF
here.

There was a lot of interesting work presented on the first day, but here is my
subjective selection of interesting work.

### Aligning Books and Movies

By Yukun Zhu, Ryan Kiros, Richard Zemel, Ruslan Salakhutdinov, Raquel
Urtasun, Antonio Torralba, and Sanja Fidler.

Movies and the books they are based on form a rich paired data source.
In this work the authors propose a recurrent neural network model to align
these two sources semantically.
The challenge is that movies and books are often substantially different, but
apparently modern recurrent neural networks have enough semantic discrimination
ability to enable such alignment.

Project page,
paper.

### Convolutional Color Constancy

By Jonathan Barron.

Color constancy deals with the correction of colors in digital images. While
there have been a large number of works in this area, the issue remains
challenging and important.

In this work the author convincingly demonstrates that common changes in colors
correspond to simple translation of a color histogram in a transformed 2D
histogram space. Then, the problem of correcting for these translations can be
posed as simply recognizing the true center position of the observed color
histogram and undoing the translation.

Paper.

### Self-Calibration of Optical Lenses

By Michael Hirsch and Bernhard Schoelkopf.

Both cheap and expensive camera lenses suffer from many optical effects,
leading to deterioration in image quality.
This work proposes an automatic way to obtain non-parametric kernel estimates
of the point spread functions characterising a lens.
The resulting model can then be used to deblur images.
In effect, this allows better image quality even when using cheap lenses.

Paper.

The second day is available now.
