---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      ICCV 2015, Day 3
subtitle:      转载自：http://www.nowozin.net/sebastian/blog/iccv-2015-day-3.html
date:      2015-12-16
img:      3
author:      Sebastian Nowozin
tags:
    - nonrigid
    - difficult problem
    - surfaces
    - d surface
    - images
---

This article summarizes the third day of the ICCV
2015 conference, the International Conference on
Computer Vision.
A summary of the first day and
second day is also available.

### Registering Images to Untextured Geometry Using Average Shading Gradients

By Tobias Ploetz and Stefan Roth.

This work considers the difficult problem of aligning an untextured 3D surface
to a real image of the same object, a challenging problem because of the
absence and presence of edges depending on texture and light.

The authors propose an alignment procedure that uses efficiently computable
*average shading gradient* images that capture expected visible edges due to
shadows despite unknown light direction.

Paper.

### Robust Nonrigid Registration by Convex Optimization

By Qifeng Chen and Vladlen Koltun.

The authors consider the problem of aligning two 3D shapes to each other, where
each shape may be corrupted by missing surfaces (non water-tight surfaces) and
undergo severe nonrigid deformations.
Previous work has proposed to minimize a specific geodesic distortion measure
over suitable classes of continuous transformations, however, this yields
difficult non-convex optimization problems.

Because the distortion measure makes sense this work proposes a way to
approximate while simultaneously convexifying the problem. This is achieved by
representing the transformation nonparametrically through correspondences on
randomly sampled points.
While the original problem was continuous and non-convex, now it is a discrete
energy minimization problem that can be approximately solved using a standard
LP-based relaxation approach, where the authors use TRW-S.

What is surprising is how much the results improve on benchmark data sets; the
error is reduced by a factor of three compared to strong baseline methods.

Paper.
