---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      anytime 0.3.2
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/KI5cCBX4Qkc/
date:      2018-11-07
author:      Thinking inside the box
tags:
    - anytime package
    - release
    - rchk tests
    - vignette
    - eddelbuettel
---






A new minor release of the anytime package arrived on CRAN this morning. This is the thirteenth release, and the first since July as the package has gotten feature-complete.

anytime is a very focused package aiming to do just one thing *really* well: to convert *anything* in integer, numeric, character, factor, ordered, … format to either POSIXct or Date objects – and to do so *without requiring a format string*. See the anytime page, or the GitHub README.md for a few examples.

This release adds a nice new vignette, solidifies some code in response to the rchk tests by Tomas Kalibera and updates some tests. We had some last-minute issues with the vignette on Windows, and Josh Ulrich was very helpful with some additional tests. For now, the new vignette is added pre-built.

> 
Changes in anytime version 0.3.2 (2018-11-05)


Added a new vignette introducing the anytime package. Seemingly it cannot be compiled on Windows so included prebuilt.


Some more tests for `anydate` were added along with so code coverage tags.


The C++ code was robustified in two places to not trigger `rchk` warnings (#79).


Three unit test files which fail on Solaris are now skipping this os as we cannot reproduce or test on this OS (#80).




Courtesy of CRANberries, there is a comparison to the previous release. More information is on the anytime page.

For questions or comments use the issue tracker off the GitHub repo.


This post by Dirk Eddelbuettel originated on his Thinking inside the box blog. Please report excessive re-aggregation in third-party for-profit settings.




*Related*








---
