---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      RcppTOML 0.1.5： Small extensions
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/RlPdH5lGDDI/
date:      2018-11-01
author:      Thinking inside the box
tags:
    - václav
    - supporting
    - supported
    - blog
    - reports
---






Coming on the heels of last week’s RcppTOML 0.1.4 release bringing support for TOML v0.5.0, we have a new release 0.1.5 on CRAN with better encoding support as well as support for the time type.

RcppTOML brings TOML to R. TOML is a file format that is most suitable for configurations, as it is meant to be *edited by humans* but read by computers. It emphasizes *strong readability for humans* while at the same time supporting *strong typing* as well as *immediate and clear error reports*. On small typos you get parse errors, rather than silently corrupted garbage. Much preferable to any and all of XML, JSON or YAML – though sadly these may be too ubiquitous now. TOML has been making inroads with projects such as the Hugo static blog compiler, or the Cargo system of Crates (aka “packages”) for the Rust language.

The list of changes in this incremental version is below.

> 
Changes in version 0.1.5 (2018-10-31)


Escape characters treatment now has toggle (Václav Hausenblas in #27 fixing #26)


The TOML 0.5.0 ‘time’ type is now supported (somewhat) by returning a formatted string (#29)


Encodings are now supported by defaulting to UTF-8 (Václav Hausenblas in #30 fixing #28)




Courtesy of CRANberries, there is a diffstat report for this release.

More information is on the RcppTOML page page. Issues and bugreports should go to the GitHub issue tracker.


This post by Dirk Eddelbuettel originated on his Thinking inside the box blog. Please report excessive re-aggregation in third-party for-profit settings.




*Related*








---
