---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      UnitedHealth Group： Data Analytics and Reporting Lead [Minnetonka, MN or Telecommute]
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/kdnuggets-data-mining-analytics/~3/hctRnvpa5Z4/11-16-unitedhealthgroup-data-analytics-reporting-lead.html
date:      2018-11-16
author:      Gregory PS Editor
tags:
    - sas
    - data
    - experience
    - business
    - employers
---


  
 


**Apply Here**


**Position Description**This would be a hands-on technical lead role that will require end-to-end ownership of our UnitedHealthcare Fin360 applications. 
**The Data Analytics and Reporting Lead**
would also work on projects that require transforming large amounts of business, accounting and finance data from disparate sources into actionable business intelligence. The Data Analytics and Reporting Lead will also participate in the creation of automated processes, data repositories, reporting, and analyses from multiple systems and data sources using a variety of tools, including SAS, SQL, SAS-BI, SAS-VA and Hadoop tools.


You'll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges. Preference given to candidates in MN.


**Primary Responsibilities:**

 Liaison with business users to clearly define their Analytic and reporting needs - set clear and achievable goals and timelines for the project
 Interface with business leaders and build relationships in support of financial planning and performance measurement including reporting and analysis
 Work hands-on in SAS (SAS Enterprise Guide) and add new functionality to the tool to meet the needs
 Work with Big Data technologies like Hadoop and Hive
 Leverage the proven UnitedHealthcare SAS Fin360 framework and build fully functional innovative solutions while integrating robust reconciliation and control processes
 Drive broader adoption of the SAS end-user Business Intelligence
 Platform including the SAS Fusion capabilities to enable self-service reporting for end-users
 Collaborate with cross-functional teams to assess the impact on manage processes in-light of changes to migrations in the upstream systems - take remedial actions as necessary
 Manage business relationships on behalf of the broader Finance organization and Leadership

**Required Qualifications:**

 Bachelor's Degree
 5 or more years of experience in software development (using languages such as Python, Java, .NET, or SAS (including Macro programming)
 5 or more years of SQL programming experience
 5 or more years of data analysis and reporting experience
 Demonstrated experience with developing, enhancing, and integrating Data Warehouses / Data Marts and Business Intelligence Solutions

**Preferred Qualifications:**

 Degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering
 Advanced SAS Programming Experience
 Ability to leverage SAS technologies to solve advanced analytics use-cases
 SAS Certification
 Project management or process improvement experience
 Healthcare experience
 Big Data experience (Hadoop, Hive)



 Bachelor's Degree
 5 or more years of experience in software development (using languages such as Python, Java, .NET, or SAS (including Macro programming)
 5 or more years of SQL programming experience
 5 or more years of data analysis and reporting experience
 Demonstrated experience with developing, enhancing, and integrating Data Warehouses / Data Marts and Business Intelligence Solutions

Careers with UnitedHealthcare. Let's talk about opportunity. Start with a Fortune 6 organization that's serving more than 85 million people already and building the industry's singular reputation for bold ideas and impeccable execution. Now, add your energy, your passion for excellence, your near-obsession with driving change for the better. Get the picture? UnitedHealthcare is serving employers and individuals, states and communities, military families and veterans where ever they're found across the globe. We bring them the resources of an industry leader and a commitment to improve their lives that's second to none. This is no small opportunity. It's where you can do 
**your life's best work**.℠


*All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group's Telecommuter Policy.


*Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.*


*UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.*









