---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      anytime 0.3.3
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/soFFytpmwvM/
date:      2018-11-14
author:      Thinking inside the box
tags:
    - settings
    - anytime package
    - release
    - vignette
    - eddelbuettel
---






A new minor clean-up release of the anytime package arrived on CRAN overnight. This is the fourteenth release, and follows the 0.3.2 release a good week ago.

anytime is a very focused package aiming to do just one thing *really* well: to convert *anything* in integer, numeric, character, factor, ordered, … format to either POSIXct or Date objects – and to do so *without requiring a format string*. See the anytime page, or the GitHub README.md for a few examples.

This release really adds the nice new vignette as a vignette—there was a *gotcha* in the 0.3.2 release—and updates some core documentation in the README.md to correctly show `anydata()` on input such as `20160101` (which was an improvement made starting with the 0.3.0 release).

> 
Changes in anytime version 0.3.3 (2018-11-13)


Vignette build quirkyness on Windows resolved so vignette reinstated.


Documentation updated showing correct use of `anydate` (and not `anytime`) on input like ‘2016010’ following the 0.3.0 release heuristic change.


Set `#define` for Boost to make compilation more quiet.




Courtesy of CRANberries, there is a comparison to the previous release. More information is on the anytime page.

For questions or comments use the issue tracker off the GitHub repo.


This post by Dirk Eddelbuettel originated on his Thinking inside the box blog. Please report excessive re-aggregation in third-party for-profit settings.




*Related*








---
