---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      RcppMsgPack 0.2.3
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/OKjyZV2YjKk/
date:      2018-11-18
author:      Thinking inside the box
tags:
    - code
    - issues
    - release
    - compilation
    - report
---






Another maintenance release of RcppMsgPack got onto CRAN today. Two new helper functions were added and not unlike the previous 0.2.2 release in, some additional changes are internal and should allow compilation on all CRAN systems.

MessagePack itself is an efficient binary serialization format. It lets you exchange data among multiple languages like JSON. But it is faster and smaller. Small integers are encoded into a single byte, and typical short strings require only one extra byte in addition to the strings themselves. RcppMsgPack brings both the C++ headers of MessagePack as well as clever code (in both R and C++) Travers wrote to access MsgPack-encoded objects directly from R.

> 
Changes in version 0.2.3 (2018-11-18)


New functions `msgpack_read` and `msgpack_write` for efficient direct access to MessagePackage content from files (#13).


Several internal code polishes to smooth compilation (#14 and #15).




Courtesy of CRANberries, there is also a diffstat report for this release.

More information is on the RcppRedis page. Issues and bugreports should go to the GitHub issue tracker.


This post by Dirk Eddelbuettel originated on his Thinking inside the box blog. Please report excessive re-aggregation in third-party for-profit settings.




*Related*








---
