---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      RcppEigen 0.3.3.5.0
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/ezYdgVs4Qx0/
date:      2018-11-24
author:      Thinking inside the box
tags:
    - ralf
    - settings
    - cran
    - adding
    - upstream
---






Another minor release 0.3.3.5.0 of RcppEigen arrived on CRAN today (and just went to Debian too) bringing support for Eigen 3.3.5 to R.

As we now carry our small set of patches to Eigen as `diff` in our repo, it was fairly straightforward to bring these few changes to the new upstream version. I added one trivial fix of changing a return value to `void` as this is also already in the upstream repo. Other than that, we were fortunate to get two nice and focussed PRs since the last release. Ralf allowed us to use larger index values by using `R_xlen_t`, and Michael corrected use of RcppArmadillo in a benchmarking example script.

Next, it bears repeating what we said in February when we release 0.3.3.4.0:

> 
One additional and recent change was the accomodation of a recent CRAN Policy change to not allow `gcc` or `clang` to mess with diagnostic messages. A word of caution: this may make your compilation of packages uses RcppEigen very noisy so consider adding `-Wno-ignored-attributes` to the compiler flags added in your `~/.R/Makevars`.


It’s still super-noise, but hey, CRAN made us do it …

The complete `NEWS` file entry follows.

> 
Changes in RcppEigen version 0.3.3.5.0 (2018-11-24)


Updated to version 3.3.5 of Eigen (Dirk in #65)


Long vectors are now supported via `R_xlen_t` (Ralf Stubner in #55 fixing #54).


The benchmarking example was updated in its use of RcppArmadillo (Michael Weylandt in #56).




Courtesy of CRANberries, there is also a diffstat report for the most recent release.


This post by Dirk Eddelbuettel originated on his Thinking inside the box blog. Please report excessive re-aggregation in third-party for-profit settings.




*Related*








---
