---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      AzureRMR： an R interface to Azure Resource Manager
subtitle:      转载自：https://blog.revolutionanalytics.com/2018/11/azurermr-azure-resource-manager.html
date:      2018-11-26
author:      Hong Ooi
tags:
    - resources templates
    - subscriptions
    - get_subscription method
    - objects
    - json
---

AzureRMR is a general-purpose interface to Azure Resource Manager (ARM). You can use it to work with nearly any Azure object that ARM can handle: subscriptions, resource groups, resources, templates and so on. The things you can do with AzureRMR include:

- Create a new resource

- Carry out arbitrary operations on a resource

- Delete a resource

- Deploy a template

- Delete a template, and, optionally, any resources that it created

- Create and delete resource groups (if you gave your service principal subscription-level access)


Here is some example code to show AzureRMR in action. Let’s retrieve a resource (in this case, a storage account):

```
library(AzureRMR)

az <- az_rm$new(tenant="{tenant_id}",
 app="{app_id}",
 password="{password}")

sub <- az$get_subscription("{subscription_id}")
rg <- sub$get_resource_group("rgName")
stor <- rg$get_resource(type="Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts",
 name="mystorage")
```

Step by step:


The first thing we do is login to Azure via `az_rm$new()`. This authenticates with Azure Resource Manager and stores a token which will be used for further interactions with ARM. AzureRMR will automatically handle such issues as token renewal on expiry.


Given the session object, retrieve an Azure subscription with the `get_subscription()` method and store its details in a subscription object. Notice that AzureRMR uses R6 classes, so the method is part of the object itself.


Given a subscription object, retrieve the details for a resource group with the `get_resource_group()` method.


Given a resource group object, retrieve the details for a resource and store them into a resource object. There are many ways of identifying a resource; here, we use the type and the name.


This replicates the hierarchical structure of Azure, whereby subscriptions contain resource groups, which contain individual resources.

Once we have a resource, we can do *things* with it, via the `do_operation()` method. In this case, we have a storage account. One of the things we can do with a storage account is retrieve its access keys.

```
stor$do_operation("listKeys", https_verb="POST")
```

Here’s another example. If we have a virtual machine, we can start it, execute shell commands, and then shut it down again:

```
vm <- rg$get_resource(type="Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines",
 name="myVirtualMachine")

vm$do_operation("start", https_verb="POST") # may take a while
vm$do_operation("runCommand",
 body=list(
 commandId="RunShellScript", # RunPowerShellScript for Windows
 script=as.list("ifconfig > /tmp/ifconfig.out")
 ),
 encode="json",
 https_verb="POST")
vm$do_operation("powerOff", https_verb="POST")
```

For the types of operations you can carry out on a resource, consult the Azure REST API documentation.

You can also interrogate the fields of a resource object; in particular the `properties` field can contain arbitrary information about an Azure resource. For example, a storage account’s properties includes the endpoint URIs, and a virtual machine’s properties includes its admin login details.

```
# file and blob storage endpoint
stor$properties$primaryEndpoints$file
stor$properties$primaryEndpoints$blob

# OS profile for a VM: includes login details
vm$properties$osProfile
```

To create a new resource, we can use the resource group object’s `create_resource` method. The specific arguments to this method depend on the resource being created; again, see the Azure documentation for more details. Let’s create a new storage account:

```
stor2 <- rg$create_resource(type="Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts",
 name="mystorage2",
 kind="StorageV2",
 sku=list(name="Standard_LRS"))
```

And to delete a resource, we can either use the resource object’s `delete` method, or the resource group object’s `delete_resource` method. AzureRMR will prompt you for confirmation that you really want to carry out the deletion.

In a manner similar to resources, deploying a template is just a matter of calling the resource group object’s `deploy_template` method. This takes two arguments, `template` and `parameters`. Both arguments should be in JSON format: either the name of a JSON file, a character vector containing the JSON data, or a list containing the parsed JSON (via `jsonlite::toJSON`).

```
vm_tpl <- rg$deploy_template("myNewVirtualMachine",
 template="vm_template.json",
 parameters=list(
 os="Windows",
 size="Standard_DS2_v2",
 username="ruser",
 password="MyPassword123!" # use a strong password!
 ))
```

Normally, deleting a template doesn’t touch the resources it creates: it only deletes the template itself. However, AzureRMR optionally allows you to free any resources created when you delete a template. This is useful when managing complex objects like VMs, which actually consist of multiple individual resources in Azure (storage account, disk, network interface, etc). When you are done with the VM, deleting the template lets you free all these resources with a single command.

```
vm_tpl$delete(free_resources=TRUE)
```
