---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      In case you missed it： October 2018 roundup
subtitle:      转载自：https://blog.revolutionanalytics.com/2018/11/in-case-you-missed-it-october-2018-roundup.html
date:      2018-11-15
author:      David Smith
tags:
    - microsoft
    - science
    - community
    - basic
    - comparison
---

In case you missed them, here are some articles from October of particular interest to R users.

Peter Provost ports some 80's-era BASIC programs for kids to R.

In a podcast for Fringe FM, I discuss the ethics of AI, Microsoft and Open Source, and the R Community.

Roundup of AI, Machine Learning and Data Science news from October 2018.

In this episode of "Guy in a Cube", R is used to visualize Anscombe's Quartet via Power BI.

Di Cook suggests using computer vision to automate statistical model assessment for machine learning in the 2018 Belz Lecture.

R provides the analysis behind a front-page story on bridge safety in the Baltimore Sun.

Tomas Kalibera describes the big impacts of a small tweak to the logical comparison operators in R.

The Economist is now using R to calculate its famous "Big Mac Index".

Behind-the-scenes details of how R gets built on Windows, from a presentation by Jeroen Ooms.

The R Consortium has accepted another round of grant applications for R community projects.

A list of upcoming R conferences.

A recap of AI, Machine Learning and Data Science announcements from the Microsoft Ignite conference.

And some general interest stories (not necessarily related to R):

As always, thanks for the comments and please send any suggestions to me at davidsmi@microsoft.com. Don't forget you can follow the blog using an RSS reader, via email using blogtrottr, or by following me on Twitter (I'm @revodavid). You can find roundups of previous months here. 
