---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Quoting in R
subtitle:      转载自：http://www.win-vector.com/blog/2018/11/quoting-in-r/
date:      2018-11-15
author:      John Mount
tags:
    - quoting
    - quotes
    - quoted
    - qc
    - human
---

Many `R` users appear to be big fans of "code capturing" or "non standard evaluation" (NSE) interfaces. In this note we will discuss quoting and non-quoting interfaces in `R`.



The above terms are simply talking about interfaces where a name to be used is captured from the source code the user typed, and thus does not need quote marks. For example:

```
d <- data.frame(x = 1)

d$x
```

```
## [1] 1
```

Notice both during `data.frame` creation and column access: the column name is given without quotes and also accessed without quotes.

This differs from using a standard value oriented interface as in the following:

```
## [1] 1
```

A natural reason for `R` users to look for automatic quoting is: it helps make working with columns in `data.frame`s (`R`‘s primary data analysis structure) look much like working with variables in the environment. Without the quotes a column name looks very much like a variable name. And thinking of columns as variables is a useful mindset.

Another place implicit quoting shows up is with `R`‘s "combine" operator where one can write either of the following.

```
## a 
## "b"
```

```
## a 
## "b"
```

The `wrapr` package brings in a new function: `qc()` or "quoting `c()`" that gives a very powerful and convenient way to elide quotes.

```
library(wrapr)

qc(a = b)
```

```
## a 
## "b"
```

Notice quotes are not required on either side of the name assignment. Again, eliding quotes is not that big a deal, and not to everyone’s taste. For example I have never seen a Python user feel they are missing anything because they write "`{"a" : "b"}`" to construct their own named dictionary structure.

That being said, `qc()` is a very convenient and consistent notation if you do want to work in an NSE style.

For example, if it ever bothered you that `dplyr` join takes the join column names as a character vector you can use `qc()` to instead write:

```
dplyr::full_join(
 iris, iris, 
 by = qc(Sepal.Length, Sepal.Width, 
 Petal.Length, Petal.Width, 
 Species))
```

(Actually I very much like that the join takes the columns as a vector, as it is much easier to program over.) I feel the `qc()` grouping of the columns makes it easier for a reader to see which arguments are the column set than a use of `...` would. Please take, as an example, the following `dplyr::group_by()`:

```
library(dplyr)

starwars %>%
 group_by(homeworld, species, add = FALSE) %>%
 summarize(mass = mean(mass, na.rm = TRUE))
```

```
## # A tibble: 58 x 3
## # Groups: homeworld [?]
## homeworld species mass
## <chr> <chr> <dbl>
## 1 Alderaan Human 64 
## 2 Aleen Minor Aleena 15 
## 3 Bespin Human 79 
## 4 Bestine IV Human 110 
## 5 Cato Neimoidia Neimodian 90 
## 6 Cerea Cerean 82 
## 7 Champala Chagrian NaN 
## 8 Chandrila Human NaN 
## 9 Concord Dawn Human 79 
## 10 Corellia Human 78.5
## # ... with 48 more rows
```

When coming back to such code later, I find the following notation to be easier to read:

```
library(seplyr)

starwars %>%
 group_by_se(qc(homeworld, species), add = FALSE) %>%
 summarize(mass = mean(mass, na.rm = TRUE))
```

```
## # A tibble: 58 x 3
## # Groups: homeworld [?]
## homeworld species mass
## <chr> <chr> <dbl>
## 1 Alderaan Human 64 
## 2 Aleen Minor Aleena 15 
## 3 Bespin Human 79 
## 4 Bestine IV Human 110 
## 5 Cato Neimoidia Neimodian 90 
## 6 Cerea Cerean 82 
## 7 Champala Chagrian NaN 
## 8 Chandrila Human NaN 
## 9 Concord Dawn Human 79 
## 10 Corellia Human 78.5
## # ... with 48 more rows
```

In the above we can clearly see which arguments to the grouping command are intended to be column names, and which are not.

`qc()` is a powerful NSE tool that annotates and contains where we are expecting quoting behavior. Some possible applications include examples such as the following.

```
# install many packages
install.packages(qc(testthat, knitr, rmarkdown, R.rsp))

# select columns
iris[, qc(Petal.Length, Petal.Width, Species)]

# control a for-loop
for(col in qc(Petal.Length, Petal.Width)) {
 iris[[col]] <- sqrt(iris[[col]])
}

# control a vapply
vapply(qc(Petal.Length, Petal.Width), 
 function(col) {
 sum(is.na(iris[[col]]))
 }, numeric(1))
```

The idea is: with `qc()` the user can switch name capturing notation at will, with no prior-arrangement needed in the functions or packages used. Also the parenthesis in `qc()` make for more legible code: a reader can see which arguments are being quoted and taken as a group.

As of `wrapr 1.7.0` `qc()` incorporates `bquote()` functionality. `bquote()` is `R`‘s built-in quasi-quotation facility. It was added to `R` in August of 2003 by Thomas Lumley, and doesn’t get as much attention as it deserves.

A quoting tool such as `qc()` becomes a quasi-quoting tool if we add a notation that signals we do not wish to quote. In `R` the standard notation for this is "`.()`" (Lisp uses a back-tick, and the `rlang` package uses "`!!`"). The `bquote()`-enabled version of `qc()` lets us write code such as the following.

```
extra_column = "Species"

qc(Petal.Length, Petal.Width, extra_column)
```

```
## [1] "Petal.Length" "Petal.Width" "extra_column"
```

```
qc(Petal.Length, Petal.Width, .(extra_column))
```

```
## [1] "Petal.Length" "Petal.Width" "Species"
```

Notice it is un-ambiguous what is going on above. The first `qc()` quotes all of its arguments into strings. The second works much the same, with the exception of names marked with `.()`. This ability to "break out" or turn off quoting is convenient if we are working with a combination of values we wish to type in directly and others we wish to take from variables.

`qc()` allows substitution on the left-hand sides of assignments, if we use the alternate `:=` notation for assignment (a convention put forward by `data.table`, and later adopted by `dplyr`).

```
library(wrapr)

left_name = "a"
right_value = "b"

qc(.(left_name) := .(right_value))
```

```
## a 
## "b"
```

The `wrapr` package also exports an implementation for `:=`. So one could also write:

```
library(wrapr)

left_name := right_value
```

```
## a 
## "b"
```

The hope is that the `qc()` and `:=` operators are well behaved enough to commute in the sense the following two statements should return the same value.

```
library(wrapr)

qc(a := b, c := d)
```

```
## a c 
## "b" "d"
```

```
## a c 
## "b" "d"
```

The idea is: when there is a symmetry it is often evidence you are using the right concepts.

In conclusion: the goal of `wrapr::qc()` is to put a very regular and controllable quoting facility directly into the hands of the `R` user. This allows the `R` user to treat just about any `R` function or package *as if* the function or package itself implemented argument quoting and quasi-quotation capabilities.

### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

