---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Document worth reading： “Transfer Metric Learning： Algorithms, Applications and Outlooks”
subtitle:      转载自：https://advanceddataanalytics.net/2018/11/02/document-worth-reading-transfer-metric-learning-algorithms-applications-and-outlooks/
date:      2018-11-02
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - transfer
    - tml
    - data
    - metric learning
    - labels
---

Distance metric learning (DML) aims to find an appropriate way to reveal the underlying data relationship. It is critical in many machine learning, pattern recognition and data mining algorithms, and usually require large amount of label information (class labels or pair/triplet constraints) to achieve satisfactory performance. However, the label information may be insufficient in real-world applications due to the high-labeling cost, and DML may fail in this case. Transfer metric learning (TML) is able to mitigate this issue for DML in the domain of interest (target domain) by leveraging knowledge/information from other related domains (source domains). Although achieved a certain level of development, TML has limited success in various aspects such as selective transfer, theoretical understanding, handling complex data, big data and extreme cases. In this survey, we present a systematic review of the TML literature. In particular, we group TML into different categories according to different settings and metric transfer strategies, such as direct metric approximation, subspace approximation, distance approximation, and distribution approximation. A summarization and insightful discussion of the various TML approaches and their applications will be presented. Finally, we provide some challenges and possible future directions. Transfer Metric Learning: Algorithms, Applications and Outlooks





### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

