---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      URI： Director, Data Analytics/DataSpark [Kingston, RI]
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/kdnuggets-data-mining-analytics/~3/z5qWhjG4rtI/11-15-uri-director-data-analytics-dataspark.html
date:      2018-11-15
author:      Gregory PS Editor
tags:
    - analytics
    - development
    - developers
    - employment
    - employer
---

**_Contact_:**
**Apply online here, posting number SF00705**.


Position is full-time calendar year, limited to 12-31-2019 with anticipated renewal.


Provide leadership and administrative oversight for all data and analytic responsibilities of DataSpark. Direct and coordinate product development, supervise and guide analytic team, and build and maintain relationships with external stakeholders. Employ a variety of project management methodologies, working with teams of data stewards, developers, program managers, and executive leadership to deliver accurate, insightful and impactful analyses that meet and anticipate the analytic needs of our customers. Collaborate with DataSpark and university leadership on project strategy and development. Support and execute the vision and mission of DataSpark.


Visit the URI jobs website at
https://jobs.uri.edu
to apply and view complete details for posting (SF00705). 


Please attach the following 2 (PDF) documents to your online Employment Application: (#1) Cover letter and (#2) Resume, which should include the names and contact information of three professional references (as one complete document).


**APPLICATIONS WILL CLOSE DECEMBER 14, 2018**


APPLICATIONS MUST BE SUBMITTED ONLINE ONLY.


*The University of Rhode Island is an AA/EEOD employer. Women, persons of color, protected veterans, individuals with disabilities, and members of other protected groups are encouraged to apply.* 






