---
layout:     post
title:      Using Matched Pairs to Test for Cannibalization
subtitle:   转载自：http://blog.data-miners.com/2012/02/using-matched-pairs-to-test-for.html
date:       2012-02-14
author:     noreply@blogger.com (Michael J. A. Berry)
header-img: img/background1.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - study
    - studies
    - clicks
    - similarity
    - matched
---


A good methodology to use for this kind of study is *matched pairs*. This allows you to
isolate the effects of a single variable while controlling for many others. The
idea is simple: To measure the effect of a treatment, you take pairs of
subjects who are similar in every way and give the treatment to one, but not
the other. In medical studies, twins come in handy for this purpose. 





To simplify slightly, at TripAdvisor we have two ways to
generate revenue from the millions of travelers who come to one of our sites to
read reviews: they can click on link A to be taken to an on-line travel agency
which pays us for the referral or they can click on link B to be taken directly
to the site of a hotel that has subscribed to our business listing product. So
the question is “Does the presence of link B have an effect on the number of
clicks received by link A?” To answer this question, each property with a
business listing is paired with a “twin” that does not have a business listing.
The result is two cohorts with extremely similar distributions of average daily
rate, number of reviews, amount of traffic on review page, number of rooms, and
everything else I could think of that might influence clicks on link A. Since
the only consistent difference between the cohorts is the presence or absence
of link B, any statistically significant difference in Link-A clicks can be
attributed to the presence of the business listing.





Why not just
compare a random sample of hotels with links A and B with a random sample of
hotels with only link A?  Such a
comparison would be very flattering to link B; on average, hotels with a
business listings subscription perform better than those without one on all
kinds of metrics including clicks on link A. This is not surprising. Business
listings do not appeal to all properties equally, nor have they been marketed
with equal vigor in all markets and market segments. Such a study cannot
distinguish between a difference *caused*
by link B and one that is merely *correlated*
with link B. For example, perhaps link B appeals more to hotels in high-traffic
destinations and those same properties also attract more clicks of all kinds





Why not do a
longitudinal study? The goal would be to compare the click rate before and
after link B goes live on a hotel’s review page. The problem with this approach
is that though the change in click rate is easy to measure, it is hard to
interpret. The quantity of clicks varies over time for all sorts of reasons
that have nothing to do with the presence or absence of a business listing. In
addition to seasonality, there is trend: The ever increasing number of
TripAdvisor users means that clicks will tend to increase over time. Add to
that the effects of marketing campaigns, competition, changing exchange rates,
and political factors and there is a lot of noise obscuring whatever signal is
in the data. A cross-sectional study controls for all that.





How is similarity
measured?  The matched pairs
methodology calls for each subscriber to be paired with the non-subscriber most
similar to it. For this study, there is a list of features that must match
exactly and another list of features which, as a group, must be “pretty close.”
The exact match features are categorical. The pretty close features are
numeric.





Exact match
features


·        
Same price business listing.


·        
Same geographic region.


·        
Same category (Hotel, B, Specialty
Lodging).


·        
Same chain status (a Hilton can match a
Marriott, but neither can match an independent property).


·        
Matching properties are both on the first page
of listings for a destination or both on some other page.


·        
Presence or absence of reviews supplied by our
users.
