---
layout:     post
title:      Why P&G turns to this little firm for big data analysis
subtitle:   转载自：http://www.chicagobusiness.com/article/20150604/ISSUE01/150609972/why-p-g-turns-to-this-little-firm-for-big-data-analysis
date:       2015-06-04
author:     Datascope
header-img: img/background0.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - malmgren
    - datascope
    - school
    - analytics
    - engineering
---

Dean Malmgren entered Northwestern University's doctoral program in chemical and biological engineering with the goal of landing a faculty position somewhere. He rethought his career path, though, after a discussion with a grad school research partner on the lodes that could be extracted from big data.

Today **[Malmgren](https://www.linkedin.com/in/deanmalmgren)** and his research partner, Mike Stringer, are co-founders of **[Datascope Analytics](http://datascopeanalytics.com/)**, a consulting shop that, in addition to analyzing massive amounts of data, presents its findings in compelling visuals. They also do it fast. The Loop firm has been known to wrestle enormous amounts of data into submission in less than two weeks. “We want to build useful tools for people, organizations and companies to learn from data, and be more quantitative in how they approach different problems,” says Malmgren, a 34-year-old Wheaton native.



Among Datascope's clients are Thomson Reuters, Procter & Gamble, Motorola, Kaplan, Daegis, the Detroit Pistons and other publicly traded companies that Malmgren is not at liberty to name. He won't reveal financials but says revenue has been roughly doubling every year since they launched the firm in 2009, with the exception of 2013, when growth was more modest.

Datascope designed a litigation process for Daegis, a software company based in Irving, Texas, that reduced legal discovery costs by 70 percent and opened a new revenue stream of e-discovery analytics, says Duane George, the company's former chief technical officer who hired Malmgren. “They impressed us with their creativity, their approach to the problem and their domain expertise. We took a gamble but have been very happy with the results that we've had.”

**FLAT STRUCTURE**

Datascope has 10 employees and seeks out data scientists with backgrounds as varied as investment banking and electrical engineering, to encourage creative and quantitative thinking. It outsources other roles as needed.

 

The company is **[egalitarian](http://www.chicagotribune.com/bluesky/originals/chi-flat-structure-datascope-analytics-geneva-trading-bsi-20140825-story.html)**. Malmgren and Stringer, both with Ph.D.s, hold the corporate rank of data scientist, along with the rest of the staff. Datascope has no CEO and everyone gets the same month-to-month salary, Malmgren says. Its four partners, who make all financial decisions and are responsible for bringing in new projects, get a chunk of the profits. Aaron Wolf and Irmak Sirer are the other partners.

“We have bootstrapped our business from the beginning,” says Malmgren, adding that they were lucky to have been associated with Northwestern University's **[Farley Center for Entrepreneurship and Innovation](http://www.chicagobusiness.com/article/20150409/ISSUE01/150409852/why-northwesterns-engineering-school-boasts-so-many-startups)**, which gave them free office space (a desk in a dark room) its first year in business.

Married with two young children, Malmgren even managed last year to do what he originally intended—teach. Datascope launched a data science bootcamp for New York-based Metis, part of the Kaplan education network, helping others accelerate their data science careers. Malmgren helped create **[the curriculum](http://datascopeanalytics.com/what-we-think/2014/08/04/how-do-i-become-a-data-scientist-an-evaluation-of-3-alternatives)**.

“What Dean does is challenge convention,” Metis co-founder Jason Moss says. “He also helped us push the thinking that core to being a great data scientist is being a good communicator.”
