---
layout:     post
title:      line-by-line memory usage of a Python program
subtitle:   转载自：http://fa.bianp.net/blog/2012/line-by-line-report-of-memory-usage/
date:       2012-04-24
author:     Fabian Pedregosa
header-img: img/background3.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - python
    - memory_profiler
    - blog
    - functions
    - github
---

My newest project is a Python library for monitoring memory consumption
of arbitrary process, and one of its most useful features is the
line-by-line analysis of memory usage for Python code. I wrote a basic
prototype six months ago after being surprised by the lack of related
tools. I wanted to [plot memory consumption](http://fseoane.net/blog/2011/qr_multiply-function-in-scipy-linalg) of a couple of Python
functions but did not find a python module to do the job. I came to the
conclusion that there is no standard way to get the memory usage of the
Python interpreter from within Python, so I resorted to reading for from
/proc/$PID/statm. From there on I realized that one the fetching of
memory is done, making a line-by-line report wouldn't be hard. Back to
today. I've been using the line-by-line memory monitoring to diagnose
poor memory management (hidden temporaries, unused allocation, etc.) for
some time. It seems to work on two different computers, so full of
confidence as I am, I'll write a blog post about it ...

## How to use it?

The easiest way to get it is to install from the Python Package Index:

but other options include fetching the latests
from [github](https://github.com/fabianp/memory_profiler) or dropping it on your current working directory or
somewhere else on your PYTHONPATH since it consist of a single file.
Then next step is to write some python code to profile. It can be just
about any function, but for the purpose of this blog post I'll create a
function `my_func()` with mostly memory allocations and save it to a file
named example.py:

Note that I've decorated the function
with @profile. This tells the profiler to look into function my_func
and gather the memory consumption for each line.

## Wake up the cookie monster

To start profiling and output the result to stdout, run the script as
usual and append the options -m memory_profiler -l -v to the python
interpreter:

voilá! Each line is prefixed by the memory usage in
MB of the Python interpreter after that line has been executed.
