---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Gsutil cheatsheet
subtitle:      转载自：https://alexisperrier.com/gcp/2017/11/02/gsutil-cheatsheet.html
date:      2017-11-02
img:      1
author:      未知
tags:
    - gsutil
    - buckets
    - cloud
    - google
    - files
---

**gsutil** is Google Storage CLI tool. Equivalent to `aws s3` but for the Google Cloud Platform, it allows you to access Google Cloud Storage from the command line. Beyond moving files and managing buckets, gsutil is a powerful file management (rsync) and file publication tool (signed urls).

Please find below a shortlist of the most important and frequent commands and their relative syntax.

This is a work in progress that will be updated within the next few days.

gsutil is Google Cloud storage CLI.
More info on

##### Definitions

- `GCP`: Google Cloud Platform


##### Install

To get started with gsutil you need python (at least 2.7) and to install the Google Cloud SDK. See https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/ to download the right package for your environment.

##### General Commands

- `gsutil ls`: **lists** all your buckets

- `gsutil help <topic>`: help on the **topic**


##### Buckets


`gsutil mb gs://<bucket_name>`: creates the **gs://bucket_name**1.


`gsutil rb gs://<bucket_name>`: deletes the **bucket**.


##### Files


`gsutil cp <filename> gs://<bucket_name>/`: copies the local filename into the bucket ****.


`gsutil cp <filename> gs://<bucket_name>/directory/`: copies the local filename into the directory ****2.


`gsutil mv <src_filename> gs://<bucket_name>/directory/<tgt_filename>`: moves the local **src_filename** to the **directory** and renames it as **tgt_filename**


`gsutil rm gs://<bucket_name>/file_or_dir`: deletes the **file_or_dir** object.


##### Folder

- `gsutil cp <filename> gs://<bucket_name>/`: copies the local filename into the bucket ****.


- 1: The bucket name has to be unique across GCP.

- 2: Note the trailing ‘/’ slash after **< directory >** to tell gsutil that the target is a directory and not a file




> 
If you liked this post, please share it on twitter
And leave me your feedback, questions, comments, suggestions below.
Much appreciated :)


