---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      R collation order
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/TPoePElJ7Ic/
date:      2019-08-07
author:      David Lindelöf
tags:
    - files
    - __generics
    - foo
    - generic functions
    - track
---



[This article was first published on ** R – David's blog**, and kindly contributed to R-bloggers]. (You can report issue about the content on this page here)
Want to share your content on R-bloggers? click here if you have a blog, or here if you don't.



You need to declare generic functions in S4 before you can define methods for them. If no definition exists you will see the following error:

Generic functions are declared with the `setGeneric()` function, which must precede the call to `setMethod()`:

But when you develop an R package you may have several classes that define their own methods for the same generic function. So where to put the definition of the generic function? One solution is to put all your classes in the same source file, and have the call to `setGeneric()` precede all calls to `setMethod()`. This will work but maintainability dictates that each class should belong to its own source file, named `R/.R`.

Instead, you might consider placing all calls to `setGeneric()` in a source file guaranteed to be loaded before all other files. For example, you might call that file `__generics.R`, which will be loaded first because when R loads a package it reads the source files in alphabetical order. This will work too but there’s a more elegant way.

R will read the source files in alphabetical order unless a `Collate` field in the `DESCRIPTION` file says otherwise. That field lets you specify the order in which you want your source files to be loaded. If present, it must list **all** source files.

Maintaining such a field for more than about 5 source files can quickly become tedious. Fortunately, the `roxygen2` package has a little-known feature which will generate the `Collate` field for you. If you use the `@include` tag anywhere in a file, `roxygen` will generate a `Collate` field which includes all source files, in such an order that all included files are listed first.

For example, if you have a file `R/generics.R` with the following declaration:

and your `MyClass` needs to define that generic, use the following:

When you now run `roxygen2` (and don’t forget this step, it won’t be done automatically for you) it will generate a `Collate` field with all your R code files, correctly sorted.
