---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      R Packages worth a look
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/08/31/r-packages-worth-a-look-1621/
date:      2019-08-31
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - documentation
    - data
    - documented manual
    - code
    - programming
---

***Distributions Hermite Polynomial Approximation*** (**hpa**)Multivariate conditional and marginal densities, moments, cumulative distribution functions as well as binary choice and sample selection models based on hermite polynomial approximation which was proposed and described by A. Gallant and D. W. Nychka (1987) <doi:10.2307/1913241>.

***Lightweight and Self-Contained Modules for Code Organization*** (**mod**)Creates modules inline or from a file. Modules can contain any R object and be nested. Each module have their own scope and package ‘search path’ that does not interfere with one another or the user’s working environment.

***Wizardry Code Offensive Programming R Documentation*** (**wyz.code.rdoc**)Allows to generate automatically R documentation files from offensive programming test cases. It populates most of the section of the documentation content from the offensive programming instrumentation. This reduces greatly the package producer effort and time to get to a fully documented manual page for any instrumented function. Following documentation sections are now automatically filled from instrumentation data: title, description, usage, arguments, value, author, examples. Sections references, notes and keyword are instrumented to industrialize their production. Produced manual pages are ready for completion (e.g note section if needed), language and phrasal adjustments. Main task for the package producer is now review, no more content production. Refer to chapter 9 of Offensive Programming Book, Fabien GELINEAU (2019, ISBN:979-10-699-4075-8), to learn about details and get value from this package.

***Disaggregate Variable Costs*** (**SECFISH**)These functions were developed within SECFISH project (Strengthening regional cooperation in the area of fisheries data collection-Socio-economic data collection for fisheries, aquaculture and the processing industry at EU level). They are aimed at identifying correlations between costs and transversal variables by metier using individual vessel data and for disaggregating variable costs from fleet segment to metier level.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
