---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      R Packages worth a look
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/08/20/r-packages-worth-a-look-1609/
date:      2019-08-20
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - modelling
    - modellers
    - functions
    - doi
    - pure
---

***Algorithms for Electivity Indices*** (**electivity**)Provides all electivity algorithms (including Vanderploeg and Scavia electivity) that were examined in Lechowicz (1982) <doi:10.1007/BF00349007>, plus the example data that were provided for moth resource utilisation.

***Actuarial Functions for Non-Life Insurance Modelling*** (**NetSimR**)Assists actuaries and other insurance modellers in pricing, reserving and capital modelling for non-life insurance and reinsurance modelling. Provides functions that help model excess levels, capping and pure Incurred but not reported claims (pure IBNR). Includes capped mean, exposure curves and increased limit factor curves (ILFs) for LogNormal, Gamma, Pareto, Sliced LogNormal-Pareto and Sliced Gamma-Pareto distributions. Includes mean, probability density function (pdf), cumulative probability function (cdf) and inverse cumulative probability function for Sliced LogNormal-Pareto and Sliced Gamma-Pareto distributions. Includes calculating pure IBNR exposure with LogNormal and Gamma distribution for reporting delay.

***The Hellinger Correlation*** (**HellCor**)Empirical value of the Hellinger correlation, a new measure of dependence between two continuous random variables that satisfies a set of 7 desirable axioms (existence, symmetry, normalisation, characterisation of independence, weak Gaussian conformity, characterisation of pure dependence, generalised Data Processing Inequality). More details can be found in Geenens and Lafaye De Micheaux (2018) <arXiv:1810.10276>.

***Fast Embedding Guided by Self-Organizing Map*** (**EmbedSOM**)Provides a smooth mapping of multidimensional points into low-dimensional space defined by a self-organizing map. Designed to work with ‘FlowSOM’ and flow-cytometry use-cases. See Kratochvil et al. (2019) <doi:10.1101/496869>.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
