---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      How to create multiple variables with a single line of code in R
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/e3ftY7O14Hk/
date:      2019-08-29
author:      Anisa Dhana
tags:
    - variables
    - life
    - ncases ncontrols
    - data
    - list
---






Category

Tags

When I have a dataset with many variables and want to create a new variable for each of them, then the first thing comes into my mind is to write a new line of code for each transformation (e.g., new variable). It is time-consuming when I have more than 10 variables. Therefore, as “an advanced R user,” I will use `mutate_all` to create a new variable for each variable included in the dataset. 

## Tags

However, in most “real life” circumstances, I don't want to create a new variable for all variables in the dataset, but only for a few of them. For example, I don't want to create a new variable for ID or categorical variables. In this situation, the `mutate_at` became a useful function in the `tidyverse` package.

Let say that I want to create a tertiles for a selected list of variables in `esoph` dataset.

## Library and data

## The problem

I want to create tertiles for each variable in the dataset and want to exclude the `ncases` and `ncontrols` from the computation.

## The solution

Here is the code (see below the explanation):

The `ntile` function is used to create tertiles of the variables. The `ends_with` will select variables of interests, and given that all ends with “gp” I used that function. The function `-starts_with` will exlclude the variables `ncases` and `ncontrols`.

## Another example

If you want to do other computations such as standardize the variables youu can use the code below. In this example I am using the `ncases` and `ncontrols` because are continuous.

Thats all. 

I hope you find these tips and trics useful for your data analysis.

****

Related Post
