---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      EARL London – agenda highlights
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/bagWvHvgeZg/
date:      2019-08-15
author:      Mango Solutions
tags:
    - media
    - community
    - charlotte
    - integration
    - integrating
---





There are so many wonderful EARL talks happening this year – it’s hard to highlight them all! But we thought we’d share some that the Mango team are really looking forward to:

### Ana Henriques, PartnerRe

*Using R in Production at PartnerRe*

Ana Henriques is the Analytics Tool Lead in PartnerRe’s Life & Health Department. Ana is now focused on business-side delivery of platforms and tools to support data science and related functions. Her talk will focus on the open source infrastructure supporting this process: version control, continuous integration, containerisation and container deployment and orchestration.

### Kevin Kuo, RStudio

*Towards open collaboration in insurance analytics*

Kevin is a software engineer at RStudio and is the founder of Kasa AI, a community organization for open research in insurance analytics. Kevin will be introducing Kasa AI, a not-for-profit community initiative for open research and software development for insurance analytics. Inspired by rOpenSci and Bioconductor, his team hopes to bring together the insurance community to solve the most impactful problems.

### Charlotte Wise, Essense

*Beyond the average: a bayesian approach for setting media targets*

Charlotte manages a small team of analysts at Essence, a global media agency and part of GroupM,WPP. Her talk will cover how the team at Essense overcame the issue of reporting ROI on marketing campaigns by using a hierarchical bayesian model.

### Kasia Kulma, Mango Solutions

*Integrating empathy in the Data Science process*

Kasia Kulma is a Data Scientist at Mango Solutions and holds a PhD in evolutionary biology from Uppsala University. Kasia’s talk will demonstrate how empathy has a clearly defined role at every step of the Data Science process: from pitching project ideas and gathering requirements, to implementing solutions, informing and influencing stakeholders, and gauging the impact of the product.

### Mitchell Stirling, Heathrow Airport

*Understanding Airport Baggage Demand through R modelling *

Mitchell is a Senior Analyst at Heathrow Airport with seven years experience working in Operations, Commercial and Strategic positions. Heathrow Airport is entering a new phase of growth and the team there wanted to look at potential scenarios for occupancy and use of infrastructure to maximise existing assets and reduce the need for expensive capital works, early in the programme. To explore how these scenarios would impact the demand on baggage systems, Heathrow has worked with Mango to convert a legacy PERL script into an R package and make a number of improvements that cut down manual intervention, flag errors earlier, stabalise the process and allow for greater variation in key inputs.

There are plenty more speakers on the agenda for you to take a look at so why not join us in September for 3 days of R, learning, inspiration and fun!

Tickets available now.


 


*Related*






---
