---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      R Packages worth a look
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/08/23/r-packages-worth-a-look-1612/
date:      2019-08-23
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - sequencing
    - sequences
    - doi
    - files
    - annotation file
---

***Computes the Scores for Different Implicit Measures*** (**implicitMeasures**)A tool for computing the scores for the Implicit Association Test (IAT; Greenwald, McGhee & Schwartz (1998) <doi:10.1037/0022-3514.74.6.1464>) and the Single Category-IAT (SC-IAT: Karpinski & Steinman (2006) <doi:10.1037/0022-3514.91.1.16>). Functions for preparing the data (both for the IAT and the SC-IAT), plotting the results, and obtaining a table with the scores of implicit measures descriptive statistics are provided.

***Methods for Calculating the Loreau & Hector 2001 BEF Partition*** (**partitionBEFsp**)A collection of functions that can be used to estimate selection and complementarity effects, sensu Loreau & Hector (2001) <doi:10.1038/35083573>, even in cases where data are only available for a random subset of species (i.e. incomplete sample-level data). A full derivation and explanation of the statistical corrections used here is available in Clark et al. (2019) <doi:10.1111/2041-210X.13285>.

***Virome Sequencing Analysis Result Browser*** (**viromeBrowser**)Experiments in which highly complex virome sequencing data is generated are difficult to visualize and unpack for a person without programming experience. After processing of the raw sequencing data by a next generation sequencing (NGS) processing pipeline the usual output consists of contiguous sequences (contigs) in fasta format and an annotation file linking the contigs to a reference sequence. The virome analysis browser app imports an annotation file and a corresponding fasta file containing the annotated contigs. It facilitates browsing of annotations in multiple files and allows users to select and export specific annotated sequences from the associated fasta files. Various annotation quality thresholds can be set to filter contigs from the annotation files. Further inspection of selected contigs can be done in the form of automatic open reading frame (ORF) detection. Separate contigs and/or separate ORFs can be downloaded in nucleotide or amino acid format for further analysis.

***Chinese Word Segmentation*** (**Rwordseg**)Provides interfaces and useful tools for Chinese word segmentation. Implements a segmentation algorithm based on Hidden Markov Model (HMM) in native R codes. Methods for HHMM-Based Chinese lexical analyzer are as described in : Hua-Ping Zhang et al., (2003) <doi:10.3115/1119250.1119280>.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
