---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Whats new on arXiv
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/08/01/whats-new-on-arxiv-1063/
date:      2019-08-01
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - learning
    - learned
    - modeling
    - models
    - algorithms
---

**Detecting Radical Text over Online Media using Deep Learning**

Social Media has influenced the way people socially connect, interact and opinionize. The growth in technology has enhanced communication and dissemination of information. Unfortunately,many terror groups like jihadist communities have started consolidating a virtual community online for various purposes such as recruitment, online donations, targeting youth online and spread of extremist ideologies. Everyday a large number of articles, tweets, posts, posters, blogs, comments, views and news are posted online without a check which in turn imposes a threat to the security of any nation. However, different agencies are working on getting down this radical content from various online social media platforms. The aim of our paper is to utilise deep learning algorithm in detection of radicalization contrary to the existing works based on machine learning algorithms. An LSTM based feed forward neural network is employed to detect radical content. We collected total 61601 records from various online sources constituting news, articles and blogs. These records are annotated by domain experts into three categories: Radical(R), Non-Radical (NR) and Irrelevant(I) which are further applied to LSTM based network to classify radical content. A precision of 85.9% has been achieved with the proposed approach

**Collaborative Filtering and Multi-Label Classification with Matrix Factorization**

Machine learning techniques for Recommendation System (RS) and Classification has become a prime focus of research to tackle the problem of information overload. RS are software tools that aim at making informed decisions about the services that a user may like. On the other hand, classification technique deals with the categorization of a data object into one of the several predefined classes. In the multi-label classification problem, unlike the traditional multi-class classification setting, each instance can be simultaneously associated with a subset of labels. The focus of thesis is on the development of novel techniques for collaborative filtering and multi-label classification. We propose a novel method of constructing a hierarchical bi-level maximum margin matrix factorization to handle matrix completion of ordinal rating matrix. Taking the cue from the alternative formulation of support vector machines, a novel loss function is derived by considering proximity as an alternative criterion instead of margin maximization criterion for matrix factorization framework. We extended the concept of matrix factorization for yet another important problem of machine learning namely multi-label classification which deals with the classification of data with multiple labels. We propose a novel piecewise-linear embedding method with a low-rank constraint on parametrization to capture nonlinear intrinsic relationships that exist in the original feature and label space. We also study the embedding of labels together with the group information with an objective to build an efficient multi-label classifier. We assume the existence of a low-dimensional space onto which the feature vectors and label vectors can be embedded. We ensure that labels belonging to the same group share the same sparsity pattern in their low-rank representations.

**Topic Modeling with Wasserstein Autoencoders**

We propose a novel neural topic model in the Wasserstein autoencoders (WAE) framework. Unlike existing variational autoencoder based models, we directly enforce Dirichlet prior on the latent document-topic vectors. We exploit the structure of the latent space and apply a suitable kernel in minimizing the Maximum Mean Discrepancy (MMD) to perform distribution matching. We discover that MMD performs much better than the Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) in matching high dimensional Dirichlet distribution. We further discover that incorporating randomness in the encoder output during training leads to significantly more coherent topics. To measure the diversity of the produced topics, we propose a simple topic uniqueness metric. Together with the widely used coherence measure NPMI, we offer a more wholistic evaluation of topic quality. Experiments on several real datasets show that our model produces significantly better topics than existing topic models.

**Production Ranking Systems: A Review**

The problem of ranking is a multi-billion dollar problem. In this paper we present an overview of several production quality ranking systems. We show that due to conflicting goals of employing the most effective machine learning models and responding to users in real time, ranking systems have evolved into a system of systems, where each subsystem can be viewed as a component layer. We view these layers as being data processing, representation learning, candidate selection and online inference. Each layer employs different algorithms and tools, with every end-to-end ranking system spanning multiple architectures. Our goal is to familiarize the general audience with a working knowledge of ranking at scale, the tools and algorithms employed and the challenges introduced by adopting a layered approach.

**A comparison of Deep Learning performances with others machine learning algorithms on credit scoring unbalanced data**

Training models on highly unbalanced data is admitted to be a challenging task for machine learning algorithms. Current studies on deep learning mainly focus on data sets with balanced class labels, or unbalanced data but with massive amount of samples available, like in speech recognition. However, the capacities of deep learning on imbalanced data with little samples is not deeply investigated in literature, while it is a very common application context, in numerous industries. To contribute to fill this gap, this paper compares the performances of several popular machine learning algorithms previously applied with success to unbalanced data set with deep learning algorithms. We conduct those experiments on an highly unbalanced data set, used for credit scoring. We evaluate various configuration including neural network optimisation techniques and try to determine their capacities when they operate with imbalanced corpora.

**SCATTERSEARCH: Visual Querying of Scatterplot Visualizations**

Scatterplots are one of the simplest and most commonly-used visualizations for understanding quantitative, multidimensional data. However, since scatterplots only depict two attributes at a time, analysts often need to manually generate and inspect large numbers of scatterplots to make sense of large datasets with many attributes. We present a visual query system for scatterplots, SCATTERSEARCH, that enables users to visually search and browse through large collections of scatterplots. Users can query for other visualizations based on a region of interest or find other scatterplots that ‘look similar” to a selected one. We present two demo scenarios, provide a system overview of SCATTERSEARCH, and outline future directions.

**To Learn or Not to Learn: Analyzing the Role of Learning for Navigation in Virtual Environments**

In this paper we compare learning-based methods and classical methods for navigation in virtual environments. We construct classical navigation agents and demonstrate that they outperform state-of-the-art learning-based agents on two standard benchmarks: MINOS and Stanford Large-Scale 3D Indoor Spaces. We perform detailed analysis to study the strengths and weaknesses of learned agents and classical agents, as well as how characteristics of the virtual environment impact navigation performance. Our results show that learned agents have inferior collision avoidance and memory management, but are superior in handling ambiguity and noise. These results can inform future design of navigation agents.

**An Encoder-Decoder Based Approach for Anomaly Detection with Application in Additive Manufacturing**

We present a novel unsupervised deep learning approach that utilizes the encoder-decoder architecture for detecting anomalies in sequential sensor data collected during industrial manufacturing. Our approach is designed not only to detect whether there exists an anomaly at a given time step, but also to predict what will happen next in the (sequential) process. We demonstrate our approach on a dataset collected from a real-world testbed. The dataset contains images collected under both normal conditions and synthetic anomalies. We show that the encoder-decoder model is able to identify the injected anomalies in a modern manufacturing process in an unsupervised fashion. In addition, it also gives hints about the temperature non-uniformity of the testbed during manufacturing, which is what we are not aware of before doing the experiment.

**Understanding Adversarial Robustness: The Trade-off between Minimum and Average Margin**

Deep models, while being extremely versatile and accurate, are vulnerable to adversarial attacks: slight perturbations that are imperceptible to humans can completely flip the prediction of deep models. Many attack and defense mechanisms have been proposed, although a satisfying solution still largely remains elusive. In this work, we give strong evidence that during training, deep models maximize the minimum margin in order to achieve high accuracy, but at the same time decrease the \emph{average} margin hence hurting robustness. Our empirical results highlight an intrinsic trade-off between accuracy and robustness for current deep model training. To further address this issue, we propose a new regularizer to explicitly promote average margin, and we verify through extensive experiments that it does lead to better robustness. Our regularized objective remains Fisher-consistent, hence asymptotically can still recover the Bayes optimal classifier.

**On Hard Exploration for Reinforcement Learning: a Case Study in Pommerman**

How to best explore in domains with sparse, delayed, and deceptive rewards is an important open problem for reinforcement learning (RL). This paper considers one such domain, the recently-proposed multi-agent benchmark of Pommerman. This domain is very challenging for RL — past work has shown that model-free RL algorithms fail to achieve significant learning without artificially reducing the environment’s complexity. In this paper, we illuminate reasons behind this failure by providing a thorough analysis on the hardness of random exploration in Pommerman. While model-free random exploration is typically futile, we develop a model-based automatic reasoning module that can be used for safer exploration by pruning actions that will surely lead the agent to death. We empirically demonstrate that this module can significantly improve learning.

**VITAL: A Visual Interpretation on Text with Adversarial Learning for Image Labeling**

In this paper, we propose a novel way to interpret text information by extracting visual feature presentation from multiple high-resolution and photo-realistic synthetic images generated by Text-to-image Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) to improve the performance of image labeling. Firstly, we design a stacked Generative Multi-Adversarial Network (GMAN), StackGMAN++, a modified version of the current state-of-the-art Text-to-image GAN, StackGAN++, to generate multiple synthetic images with various prior noises conditioned on a text. And then we extract deep visual features from the generated synthetic images to explore the underlying visual concepts for text. Finally, we combine image-level visual feature, text-level feature and visual features based on synthetic images together to predict labels for images. We conduct experiments on two benchmark datasets and the experimental results clearly demonstrate the efficacy of our proposed approach.

**Time-series machine-learning error models for approximate solutions to parameterized dynamical systems**

This work proposes a machine-learning framework for modeling the error incurred by approximate solutions to parameterized dynamical systems. In particular, we extend the machine-learning error models (MLEM) framework proposed in Ref. 15 to dynamical systems. The proposed Time-Series Machine-Learning Error Modeling (T-MLEM) method constructs a regression model that maps features–which comprise error indicators that are derived from standard a posteriori error-quantification techniques–to a random variable for the approximate-solution error at each time instance. The proposed framework considers a wide range of candidate features, regression methods, and additive noise models. We consider primarily recursive regression techniques developed for time-series modeling, including both classical time-series models (e.g., autoregressive models) and recurrent neural networks (RNNs), but also analyze standard non-recursive regression techniques (e.g., feed-forward neural networks) for comparative purposes. Numerical experiments conducted on multiple benchmark problems illustrate that the long short-term memory (LSTM) neural network, which is a type of RNN, outperforms other methods and yields substantial improvements in error predictions over traditional approaches.

**Many could be better than all: A novel instance-oriented algorithm for Multi-modal Multi-label problem**

With the emergence of diverse data collection techniques, objects in real applications can be represented as multi-modal features. What’s more, objects may have multiple semantic meanings. Multi-modal and Multi-label (MMML) problem becomes a universal phenomenon. The quality of data collected from different channels are inconsistent and some of them may not benefit for prediction. In real life, not all the modalities are needed for prediction. As a result, we propose a novel instance-oriented Multi-modal Classifier Chains (MCC) algorithm for MMML problem, which can make convince prediction with partial modalities. MCC extracts different modalities for different instances in the testing phase. Extensive experiments are performed on one real-world herbs dataset and two public datasets to validate our proposed algorithm, which reveals that it may be better to extract many instead of all of the modalities at hand.

**Low-Rank Matrix Completion: A Contemporary Survey**

As a paradigm to recover unknown entries of a matrix from partial observations, low-rank matrix completion (LRMC) has generated a great deal of interest. Over the years, there have been lots of works on this topic but it might not be easy to grasp the essential knowledge from these studies. This is mainly because many of these works are highly theoretical or a proposal of new LRMC technique. In this paper, we give a contemporary survey on LRMC. In order to provide better view, insight, and understanding of potentials and limitations of LRMC, we present early scattered results in a structured and accessible way. Specifically, we classify the state-of-the-art LRMC techniques into two main categories and then explain each category in detail. We next discuss issues to be considered when one considers using LRMC techniques. These include intrinsic properties required for the matrix recovery and how to exploit a special structure in LRMC design. We also discuss the convolutional neural network (CNN) based LRMC algorithms exploiting the graph structure of a low-rank matrix. Further, we present the recovery performance and the computational complexity of the state-of-the-art LRMC techniques. Our hope is that this survey article will serve as a useful guide for practitioners and non-experts to catch the gist of LRMC.

**Is BERT Really Robust? Natural Language Attack on Text Classification and Entailment**

Machine learning algorithms are often vulnerable to adversarial examples that have imperceptible alterations from the original counterparts but can fool the state-of-the-art models. It is helpful to evaluate or even improve the robustness of these models by exposing the maliciously crafted adversarial examples. In this paper, we present the TextFooler, a general attack framework, to generate natural adversarial texts. By successfully applying it to two fundamental natural language tasks, text classification and textual entailment, against various target models, convolutional and recurrent neural networks as well as the most powerful pre-trained BERT, we demonstrate the advantages of this framework in three ways: (i) effective—it outperforms state-of-the-art attacks in terms of success rate and perturbation rate; (ii) utility-preserving—it preserves semantic content and grammaticality, and remains correctly classified by humans; and (iii) efficient—it generates adversarial text with computational complexity linear in the text length.

**Mindful Active Learning**

We propose a novel active learning framework for activity recognition using wearable sensors. Our work is unique in that it takes physical and cognitive limitations of the oracle into account when selecting sensor data to be annotated by the oracle. Our approach is inspired by human-beings’ limited capacity to respond to external stimulus such as responding to a prompt on their mobile devices. This capacity constraint is manifested not only in the number of queries that a person can respond to in a given time-frame but also in the lag between the time that a query is made and when it is responded to. We introduce the notion of mindful active learning and propose a computational framework, called EMMA, to maximize the active learning performance taking informativeness of sensor data, query budget, and human memory into account. We formulate this optimization problem, propose an approach to model memory retention, discuss complexity of the problem, and propose a greedy heuristic to solve the problem. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on three publicly available datasets and by simulating oracles with various memory strengths. We show that the activity recognition accuracy ranges from 21% to 97% depending on memory strength, query budget, and difficulty of the machine learning task. Our results also indicate that EMMA achieves an accuracy level that is, on average, 13.5% higher than the case when only informativeness of the sensor data is considered for active learning. Additionally, we show that the performance of our approach is at most 20% less than experimental upper-bound and up to 80% higher than experimental lower-bound. We observe that mindful active learning is most beneficial when query budget is small and/or oracle’s memory is weak, thus emphasizing contributions of our work in human-centered mobile health settings and for elderly with cognitive impairments.

**Representation Degeneration Problem in Training Natural Language Generation Models**

We study an interesting problem in training neural network-based models for natural language generation tasks, which we call the \emph{representation degeneration problem}. We observe that when training a model for natural language generation tasks through likelihood maximization with the weight tying trick, especially with big training datasets, most of the learnt word embeddings tend to degenerate and be distributed into a narrow cone, which largely limits the representation power of word embeddings. We analyze the conditions and causes of this problem and propose a novel regularization method to address it. Experiments on language modeling and machine translation show that our method can largely mitigate the representation degeneration problem and achieve better performance than baseline algorithms.

**A Bayesian nonparametric approach to the approximation of the global stable manifold**

We propose a Bayesian nonparametric model based on Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) methods for unveiling the structure of the invariant global stable manifold from observed time-series data. The underlying unknown dynamical process is possibly contaminated by additive noise. We introduce the Stable Manifold Geometric Stick Breaking Reconstruction (SM-GSBR) model with which we reconstruct the unknown dynamic equations and in parallel we estimate the global structure of the perturbed stable manifold. Our method works for noninvertible maps without modifications. The stable manifold estimation procedure is demonstrated specifically in the case of polynomial maps. Simulations based on synthetic time series are presented.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
