---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Changing the variable inside an R formula
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/wK4OAg3L0Kw/
date:      2019-08-24
author:      kjytay
tags:
    - mtcars
    - hp
    - mpg
    - data
    - parsed
---





I recently encountered a situation where I wanted to run several linear models, but where the response variables would depend on previous steps in the data analysis pipeline. Let me illustrate using the `mtcars` dataset:

Let’s say I wanted to fit a linear model of `mpg` vs. `hp` and get the coefficients. This is easy:

But what if I wanted to fit a linear model of `y` vs. `hp`, where `y` is a response variable that I won’t know until runtime? Or what if I want to fit 3 linear models: each of `mpg`, `disp`, `drat` vs. `hp`? Or what if I want to fit 300 such models? There has to be a way to do this programmatically.

It turns out that there are at least 4 different ways to achieve this in R. For all these methods, let’s assume that the responses we want to fit models for are in a character vector:

Here are the 4 ways I know (in decreasing order of preference):

**1. as.formula()**

`as.formula()` converts a string to a formula object. Hence, we can programmatically create the formula we want as a string, then pass that string to `as.formula()`:

**2. Don’t specify the `data` option**

Passing the `data = mtcars` option to `lm()` gives us more succinct and readable code. However, `lm()` also accepts the response vector and data matrix themselves:

**3. get()**

`get()` searches for an R object by name and returns that object if it exists.

**4. eval(parse())**

This one is a little complicated. `parse()` returns the parsed but unevaluated expressions, while `eval()` evaluates those expressions (in a specified environment).

 

Of course, for any of these methods, we could replace the outer loop with `apply()` or `purrr::map()`.

References:

1. johnramey. Converting a String to a Variable Name On-The-Fly and Vice-versa in R.



*Related*






---
