---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Interactive Visualization in R with apexcharter
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/YHqcg-vjTfY/
date:      2019-08-04
author:      AbdulMajedRaja RS
tags:
    - apexcharts
    - apexcharter
    - values
    - charting libraries like
    - interactive
---







Interactive Visualizations are powerful these days because those are all made for web. Web – simply a combination of `html`,`css` and `javascript` which build interactive visualizations. Thus, paving way for a lot of javascript charting libraries like `highcharts.js`, `apexcharts.js`.

Thanks to `htmlwidgets` of R, many R developers have started porting those javascript charting libraries to R and dreamRs is one of such leading Developer groups working on the intersection R + Web. In this post, We’ll learn how to use the R package `apexcharter` which is developed by **dreamRs – Victor Perrier and Team** to make beautiful interactive visualizations that are based on `apexcharts.js`

### apexcharter – Intro, Installation & Loading

`apexchart.js` is a modern JavaScript charting library to build interactive charts and visualizations with simple API. `apexcharter` is built as a htmlwidget (R Package) for `apexchart.js` and the API design is inspired by `highcharter`. `apexcharter` requires RStudio >= 1.2 to properly display charts.

Install the stable version from CRAN with:

```
install.packages("apexcharter")
```

Or install the development version from GitHub with:

```
# install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("dreamRs/apexcharter")
```

Once successfully installed, `apexcharter` can be loaded using

```
library(apexcharter)
```

### Simple Example

The main function of `apexcharter` is the `apex()` function whose first argument is `data`. Thus, enabling the support of pipe `%>%` operator. The second argument is `mapping` – aesthetics (x & y) and the third one is `type` of the chart – which takes multiple values like `scatter`, `bar`, `line` and much more.

Let’s take R’s in-built `mtcars` dataset and draw a simple bar chart.

```
library(apexcharter)
library(tidyverse)

mtcars %>% 
 count(cyl) %>% 
 apex(type = "bar",
 mapping = aes(x = "cyl", y = n))
```




Now, that’s a beautiful interctive chart. Let’s go ahead and see a few more examples of something bigger than a simple bar chart.

### Building Interactive Heatmap / Correlation Plot

Let’s try to visualize a Heatmap (of Correlation Plot) of numeric columns of `mtcars` dataset. To do that, we’ve to first select the numeric columns which we’ll do with `select_if(is.numeric)` and then we’ve to build the correlation matrix which the base-R function `cor()` does it smoothly.

Now that we’ve got a `matrix` let’s convert it to a `data.frame` and for us to draw a heatmap – we need 3 things primarily:

- x-axis – categorical

- y-axis – categorical

- fill value – continuous


So, we’ll convert the rownames of the resultant dataframe to a column and then convert the wide format data into long format using `pivot_longer()`.

At this point our data is in the desirable format for a heatmap. Simply for aesthetics improvement, let’s round off the correlation values.

Finally, we’ll use our `apex()` function with `type = 'heatmap'` that gives us a color-filled heatmap (that’s also interactive).

```
library(apexcharter)
library(tidyverse)

mtcars %>% 
 select_if(is.numeric) %>% 
 cor() %>% 
 as.data.frame() %>% 
 rownames_to_column("col") %>% 
 pivot_longer(cols = -col, names_to = "type") %>% 
 mutate(value = round(value,2)) %>% 
 apex(type = "heatmap",
 mapping = aes(x = col, y = type, fill = value)) 
```





### Building Interactive Time-Series (Line) Graph

If there’s a plot where Interactive Charts are incredibly valuable, I think it’s Time-Series Graph where labelling on traditional (static) chart would sometimes make the chart clunky and less readable.

Let’s build an Interactive Time-series plot with the `apexcharter` library. As you can see below, all it takes is a dataframe with a column denoting the `time` field and another column with the actual `value` for that time.

```
library(apexcharter)

df <- data.frame(Y=as.matrix(EuStockMarkets), date=time(EuStockMarkets))

df %>% 
 apex(type = "line",
 mapping = aes(x = date, y = Y.DAX)) 
```





### Summary

Thus, We learnt how to build interactive charts using `apexcharter` that follows a very minimal API similar to `highcharter`.


*Related*







---
