---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      R Packages worth a look
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/08/27/r-packages-worth-a-look-1617/
date:      2019-08-27
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - distance
    - rata
    - sequences
    - azurer
    - models
---

***Control Charts*** (**CC**)Tools for creating and visualizing statistical process control charts. Control charts are used for monitoring measurement processes, such as those occurring in manufacturing. The objective is to monitor the history of such processes and flag outlying measurements: out-of-control signals. Montgomery, D. (2009, ISBN:978-0-470-16992-6) contains an extensive discussion of the methodology.

***Mixtures of Exponential-Distance Models with Covariates*** (**MEDseq**)Implements a model-based clustering method for categorical life-course sequences relying on mixtures of exponential-distance models introduced by Murphy et al. (2019) <arXiv:1908.07963>. A range of flexible precision parameter settings corresponding to weighted generalisations of the Hamming distance metric are considered, along with the potential inclusion of a noise component. Gating covariates can be supplied in order to relate sequences to baseline characteristics. Sampling weights are also accommodated. The models are fitted using the EM algorithm and tools for visualising the results are also provided.

***Interface to Azure Virtual Machine Instance Metadata*** (**AzureVMmetadata**)A simple interface to the instance metadata for a virtual machine running in Microsoft’s ‘Azure’ cloud. This provides information about the VM’s configuration, such as its processors, memory, networking, storage, and so on. Part of the ‘AzureR’ family of packages.

***Automated Test Assembly*** (**Rata**)Automated test assembly of linear and adaptive tests under the mixed integer programming framework using open source solvers. The full documentation and tutorials are at <https://…/Rata>. 

### Like this:

Like Loading...
