---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      rstudio：：conf(2020) Diversity and international scholarships
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/2B0hUY1TzaU/
date:      2019-08-30
author:      Jen Hecht
tags:
    - scholarships
    - diversity
    - diverse
    - github
    - conference registration
---



[This article was first published on ** RStudio Blog**, and kindly contributed to R-bloggers]. (You can report issue about the content on this page here)
Want to share your content on R-bloggers? click here if you have a blog, or here if you don't.



rstudio::conf(2020L) continues our tradition of diversity scholarships, and this year we’re increasing the program size to 44 recipients. As a result of thinking about our goals, this year we have two components to the program:


38 domestic diversity scholarships available to anyone living in the US orCanada who is a member of a group that is under-represented at rstudio::conf.


6 international scholarships available to people living in South America,Central America, or Mexico.


In the long run, we hope that the rstudio::conf participants reflect the full diversity of the world around us. We believe in building on-ramps so that people from diverse backgrounds can learn R, build their knowledge, and then contribute back to the community. Through this program, we want to support scholars by covering the costs of conference registration (including workshops) and providing funds for travel and accommodation (up to $1000). At the conference, scholars will also have networking opportunities with past diversity scholarship recipients as well as with leaders in the field.

We also recognise that there are many parts of the world that do not offer easy access to R events. In addition to South America, Central America, and Mexico, mentioned above, Africa has an active and growing community of R users, but relatively few R events hosted within the region. Due to the persistent challenges African scholars have faced in obtaining visas to attend rstudio::conf in recent years, we are currently looking into alternative ways we might involve our African colleagues in this year’s conference, and will be sharing more about these plans soon. We will continue to re-evaluate the regions where our scholarships can have the greatest impact and will adjust this program as rstudio::conf grows. International scholars will receive complimentary conference and workshop registration, funds for travel and accommodation funding (up to $3000), and additional networking opportunities.

Scholarship applications will be evaluated on three main criteria:


How will attending the conference impact you? What important problems willyou be able to tackle that you couldn’t before?


You will learn the most if you already have some experience with R, so show uswhat you’ve achieved so far (GitHub is the easiest way for us to assess yourskills, if you’re new to Github, check outhttps://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/ to get up somethinginformative in under an hour).


How will you share your knowledge with others? We can’t help everyone, sowe’re particularly interested in helping those who will go back to theircommunities and spread the love. Show us how you’ve shared your skills andknowledge in the past, and tell us what you have planned for the future.


The scholarships are competitive, so make sure you highlight what makes you special.

Apply now!


*Related*






---
