---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Whats new on arXiv
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/08/16/whats-new-on-arxiv-1077/
date:      2019-08-16
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - models
    - based
    - learning
    - learned
    - data generated
---

**NeuroMask: Explaining Predictions of Deep Neural Networks through Mask Learning**

Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) deliver state-of-the-art performance in many image recognition and understanding applications. However, despite their outstanding performance, these models are black-boxes and it is hard to understand how they make their decisions. Over the past few years, researchers have studied the problem of providing explanations of why DNNs predicted their results. However, existing techniques are either obtrusive, requiring changes in model training, or suffer from low output quality. In this paper, we present a novel method, NeuroMask, for generating an interpretable explanation of classification model results. When applied to image classification models, NeuroMask identifies the image parts that are most important to classifier results by applying a mask that hides/reveals different parts of the image, before feeding it back into the model. The mask values are tuned by minimizing a properly designed cost function that preserves the classification result and encourages producing an interpretable mask. Experiments using state-of-the-art Convolutional Neural Networks for image recognition on different datasets (CIFAR-10 and ImageNet) show that NeuroMask successfully localizes the parts of the input image which are most relevant to the DNN decision. By showing a visual quality comparison between NeuroMask explanations and those of other methods, we find NeuroMask to be both accurate and interpretable.

**OD-GCN object detection by knowledge graph with GCN**

Classical object detection frameworks lack of utilizing objects’ surrounding information. In this article, we introduce the graph convolutional networks (GCN) into the object detection, and propose a new framework called OD-GCN (object detection with graph convolutional network). It utilizes the category relationship to improve the detection precision. We set up a knowledge graph to reflect the co-exist relationships among objects. GCN plays the role of post-processing to adjust the output of base object detection models. It is a flexible framework that any pre-trained object detection models can be used as the base model. In the experiments, we try several popular base detection models, OD-GCN always improve mAP by 1-5 pp in COCO dataset. In addition, visualized analysis reveals the benchmark improvement is quite logical in human’s opinion.

**Explaining Convolutional Neural Networks using Softmax Gradient Layer-wise Relevance Propagation**

Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) have become state-of-the-art in the field of image classification. However, not everything is understood about their inner representations. This paper tackles the interpretability and explainability of the predictions of CNNs for multi-class classification problems. Specifically, we propose a novel visualization method of pixel-wise input attribution called Softmax-Gradient Layer-wise Relevance Propagation (SGLRP). The proposed model is a class discriminate extension to Deep Taylor Decomposition (DTD) using the gradient of softmax to back propagate the relevance of the output probability to the input image. Through qualitative and quantitative analysis, we demonstrate that SGLRP can successfully localize and attribute the regions on input images which contribute to a target object’s classification. We show that the proposed method excels at discriminating the target objects class from the other possible objects in the images. We confirm that SGLRP performs better than existing Layer-wise Relevance Propagation (LRP) based methods and can help in the understanding of the decision process of CNNs.

**Apache Spark Accelerated Deep Learning Inference for Large Scale Satellite Image Analytics**

The shear volumes of data generated from earth observation and remote sensing technologies continue to make major impact; leaping key geospatial applications into the dual data and compute intensive era. As a consequence, this rapid advancement poses new computational and data processing challenges. We implement a novel remote sensing data flow (RESFlow) for advanced machine learning and computing with massive amounts of remotely sensed imagery. The core contribution is partitioning massive amount of data based on the spectral and semantic characteristics for distributed imagery analysis. RESFlow takes advantage of both a unified analytics engine for large-scale data processing and the availability of modern computing hardware to harness the acceleration of deep learning inference on expansive remote sensing imagery. The framework incorporates a strategy to optimize resource utilization across multiple executors assigned to a single worker. We showcase its deployment across computationally and data-intensive on pixel-level labeling workloads. The pipeline invokes deep learning inference at three stages; during deep feature extraction, deep metric mapping, and deep semantic segmentation. The tasks impose compute intensive and GPU resource sharing challenges motivating for a parallelized pipeline for all execution steps. By taking advantage of Apache Spark, Nvidia DGX1, and DGX2 computing platforms, we demonstrate unprecedented compute speed-ups for deep learning inference on pixel labeling workloads; processing 21,028~Terrabytes of imagery data and delivering an output maps at area rate of 5.245sq.km/sec, amounting to 453,168 sq.km/day – reducing a 28 day workload to 21~hours.

**Channel Decomposition on Generative Networks**

This work presents a method to decompose a layer of the generative networks into the painting actions. To behave like the human painter, these actions are driven by the cost simulating the hand movement, the paint color change, the stroke shape and the stroking style. To help planning, the Mask R-CNN is applied to detect the object areas and decide the painting order. The proposed painting system introduces a variety of extensions in artistic styles, based on the chosen parameters. Further experiments are performed to evaluate the channel penetration and the channel sensitivity on the strokes.

**DeepAISE — An End-to-End Development and Deployment of a Recurrent Neural Survival Model for Early Prediction of Sepsis**

Sepsis, a dysregulated immune system response to infection, is among the leading causes of morbidity, mortality, and cost overruns in the Intensive Care Unit (ICU). Early prediction of sepsis can improve situational awareness amongst clinicians and facilitate timely, protective interventions. While the application of predictive analytics in ICU patients has shown early promising results, much of the work has been encumbered by high false-alarm rates. Efforts to improve specificity have been limited by several factors, most notably the difficulty of labeling sepsis onset time and the low prevalence of septic-events in the ICU. Here, we present DeepAISE (Deep Artificial Intelligence Sepsis Expert), a recurrent neural survival model for the early prediction of sepsis. We show that by coupling a clinical criterion for defining sepsis onset time with a treatment policy (e.g., initiation of antibiotics within one hour of meeting the criterion), one may rank the relative utility of various criteria through offline policy evaluation. Given the optimal criterion, DeepAISE automatically learns predictive features related to higher-order interactions and temporal patterns among clinical risk factors that maximize the data likelihood of observed time to septic events. DeepAISE has been incorporated into a clinical workflow, which provides real-time hourly sepsis risk scores. A comparative study of four baseline models indicates that DeepAISE produces the most accurate predictions (AUC=0.90 and 0.87) and the lowest false alarm rates (FAR=0.20 and 0.26) in two separate cohorts (internal and external, respectively), while simultaneously producing interpretable representations of the clinical time series and risk factors.

**Neural Text Generation with Unlikelihood Training**

Neural text generation is a key tool in natural language applications, but it is well known there are major problems at its core. In particular, standard likelihood training and decoding leads to dull and repetitive responses. While some post-hoc fixes have been proposed, in particular top-k and nucleus sampling, they do not address the fact that the token-level probabilities predicted by the model itself are poor. In this paper we show that the likelihood objective itself is at fault, resulting in a model that assigns too much probability to sequences that contain repeats and frequent words unlike the human training distribution. We propose a new objective, unlikelihood training, which forces unlikely generations to be assigned lower probability by the model. We show that both token and sequence level unlikelihood training give less repetitive, less dull text while maintaining perplexity, giving far superior generations using standard greedy or beam search. Our approach provides a strong alternative to traditional training.

**Feature Partitioning for Efficient Multi-Task Architectures**

Multi-task learning holds the promise of less data, parameters, and time than training of separate models. We propose a method to automatically search over multi-task architectures while taking resource constraints into consideration. We propose a search space that compactly represents different parameter sharing strategies. This provides more effective coverage and sampling of the space of multi-task architectures. We also present a method for quick evaluation of different architectures by using feature distillation. Together these contributions allow us to quickly optimize for efficient multi-task models. We benchmark on Visual Decathlon, demonstrating that we can automatically search for and identify multi-task architectures that effectively make trade-offs between task resource requirements while achieving a high level of final performance.

**Adversarial Neural Pruning**

It is well known that neural networks are susceptible to adversarial perturbations and are also computationally and memory intensive which makes it difficult to deploy them in real-world applications where security and computation are constrained. In this work, we aim to obtain both robust and sparse networks that are applicable to such scenarios, based on the intuition that latent features have a varying degree of susceptibility to adversarial perturbations. Specifically, we define vulnerability at the latent feature space and then propose a Bayesian framework to prioritize features based on their contribution to both the original and adversarial loss, to prune vulnerable features and preserve the robust ones. Through quantitative evaluation and qualitative analysis of the perturbation to latent features, we show that our sparsification method is a defense mechanism against adversarial attacks and the robustness indeed comes from our model’s ability to prune vulnerable latent features that are more susceptible to adversarial perturbations.

**Wasserstein Index Generation Model: Automatic Generation of Time-series Index with Application to Economic Policy Uncertainty**

I propose a novel method, called the Wasserstein Index Generation model (WIG), to generate public sentiment index automatically. It can be performed off-the-shelf and is especially good at detecting sudden sentiment spikes. To test the model’s effectiveness, an application to generate Economic Policy Uncertainty (EPU) index is showcased.

**Linking Graph Entities with Multiplicity and Provenance**

Entity linking is a fundamental database problem with applicationsin data integration, data cleansing, information retrieval, knowledge fusion, and knowledge-base population. It is the task of accurately identifying multiple, differing, and possibly contradictingrepresentations of the same real-world entity in data. In this work,we propose an entity linking system capable of linking entitiesacross different databases and mentioned-entities extracted fromtext data. Our entity linking solution, called Certus, uses a graph model to represent the profiles of entities. The graph model is versatile, thus, it is capable of handling multiple values for an attributeor a relationship, as well as the provenance descriptions of thevalues. Provenance descriptions of a value provide the settings ofthe value, such as validity periods, sources, security requirements,etc. This paper presents the architecture for the entity linking system, the logical, physical, and indexing models used in the system,and the general linking process. Furthermore, we demonstrate theperformance of update operations of the physical storage modelswhen the system is implemented in two state-of-the-art databasemanagement systems, HBase and Postgres.

**Comparison theorems on large-margin learning**

This paper studies binary classification problem associated with a family of loss functions called large-margin unified machines (LUM), which offers a natural bridge between distribution-based likelihood approaches and margin-based approaches. It also can overcome the so-called data piling issue of support vector machine in the high-dimension and low-sample size setting. In this paper we establish some new comparison theorems for all LUM loss functions which play a key role in the further error analysis of large-margin learning algorithms.

**Regional Tree Regularization for Interpretability in Black Box Models**

The lack of interpretability remains a barrier to the adoption of deep neural networks. Recently, tree regularization has been proposed to encourage deep neural networks to resemble compact, axis-aligned decision trees without significant compromises in accuracy. However, it may be unreasonable to expect that a single tree can predict well across all possible inputs. In this work, we propose regional tree regularization, which encourages a deep model to be well-approximated by several separate decision trees specific to predefined regions of the input space. Practitioners can define regions based on domain knowledge of contexts where different decision-making logic is needed. Across many datasets, our approach delivers more accurate predictions than simply training separate decision trees for each region, while producing simpler explanations than other neural net regularization schemes without sacrificing predictive power. Two healthcare case studies in critical care and HIV demonstrate how experts can improve understanding of deep models via our approach.

**Boosted GAN with Semantically Interpretable Information for Image Inpainting**

Image inpainting aims at restoring missing region of corrupted images, which has many applications such as image restoration and object removal. However, current GAN-based inpainting models fail to explicitly consider the semantic consistency between restored images and original images. Forexample, given a male image with image region of one eye missing, current models may restore it with a female eye. This is due to the ambiguity of GAN-based inpainting models: these models can generate many possible restorations given a missing region. To address this limitation, our key insight is that semantically interpretable information (such as attribute and segmentation information) of input images (with missing regions) can provide essential guidance for the inpainting process. Based on this insight, we propose a boosted GAN with semantically interpretable information for image inpainting that consists of an inpainting network and a discriminative network. The inpainting network utilizes two auxiliary pretrained networks to discover the attribute and segmentation information of input images and incorporates them into the inpainting process to provide explicit semantic-level guidance. The discriminative network adopts a multi-level design that can enforce regularizations not only on overall realness but also on attribute and segmentation consistency with the original images. Experimental results show that our proposed model can preserve consistency on both attribute and segmentation level, and significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art models.

**StructBERT: Incorporating Language Structures into Pre-training for Deep Language Understanding**

Recently, the pre-trained language model, BERT (Devlin et al.(2018)Devlin, Chang, Lee, and Toutanova), has attracted a lot of attention in natural language understanding (NLU), and achieved state-of-the-art accuracy in various NLU tasks, such as sentiment classification, natural language inference, semantic textual similarity and question answering. Inspired by the linearization exploration work of Elman (Elman(1990)), we extend BERT to a new model, StructBERT, by incorporating language structures into pretraining. Specifically, we pre-train StructBERT with two auxiliary tasks to make the most of the sequential order of words and sentences, which leverage language structures at the word and sentence levels, respectively. As a result, the new model is adapted to different levels of language understanding required by downstream tasks. The StructBERT with structural pre-training gives surprisingly good empirical results on a variety of downstream tasks, including pushing the state-of-the-art on the GLUE benchmark to 84.5 (with Top 1 achievement on the Leaderboard at the time of paper submission), the F1 score on SQuAD v1.1 question answering to 93.0, the accuracy on SNLI to 91.7.

**Getting To Know You: User Attribute Extraction from Dialogues**

User attributes provide rich and useful information for user understanding, yet structured and easy-to-use attributes are often sparsely populated. In this paper, we leverage dialogues with conversational agents, which contain strong suggestions of user information, to automatically extract user attributes. Since no existing dataset is available for this purpose, we apply distant supervision to train our proposed two-stage attribute extractor, which surpasses several retrieval and generation baselines on human evaluation. Meanwhile, we discuss potential applications (e.g., personalized recommendation and dialogue systems) of such extracted user attributes, and point out current limitations to cast light on future work.

**Attention is not not Explanation**

Attention mechanisms play a central role in NLP systems, especially within recurrent neural network (RNN) models. Recently, there has been increasing interest in whether or not the intermediate representations offered by these modules may be used to explain the reasoning for a model’s prediction, and consequently reach insights regarding the model’s decision-making process. A recent paper claims that `Attention is not Explanation’ (Jain and Wallace, 2019). We challenge many of the assumptions underlying this work, arguing that such a claim depends on one’s definition of explanation, and that testing it needs to take into account all elements of the model, using a rigorous experimental design. We propose four alternative tests to determine when/whether attention can be used as explanation: a simple uniform-weights baseline; a variance calibration based on multiple random seed runs; a diagnostic framework using frozen weights from pretrained models; and an end-to-end adversarial attention training protocol. Each allows for meaningful interpretation of attention mechanisms in RNN models. We show that even when reliable adversarial distributions can be found, they don’t perform well on the simple diagnostic, indicating that prior work does not disprove the usefulness of attention mechanisms for explainability.

**Matrix Nets: A New Deep Architecture for Object Detection**

We present Matrix Nets (xNets), a new deep architecture for object detection. xNets map objects with different sizes and aspect ratios into layers where the sizes and the aspect ratios of the objects within their layers are nearly uniform. Hence, xNets provide a scale and aspect ratio aware architecture. We leverage xNets to enhance key-points based object detection. Our architecture achieves mAP of 47.8 on MS COCO, which is higher than any other single-shot detector while using half the number of parameters and training 3x faster than the next best architecture.

**Requirements Engineering for Machine Learning: Perspectives from Data Scientists**

Machine learning (ML) is used increasingly in real-world applications. In this paper, we describe our ongoing endeavor to define characteristics and challenges unique to Requirements Engineering (RE) for ML-based systems. As a first step, we interviewed four data scientists to understand how ML experts approach elicitation, specification, and assurance of requirements and expectations. The results show that changes in the development paradigm, i.e., from coding to training, also demands changes in RE. We conclude that development of ML systems demands requirements engineers to: (1) understand ML performance measures to state good functional requirements, (2) be aware of new quality requirements such as explainability, freedom from discrimination, or specific legal requirements, and (3) integrate ML specifics in the RE process. Our study provides a first contribution towards an RE methodology for ML systems.

**Detecting semantic anomalies**

We critically appraise the recent interest in out-of-distribution (OOD) detection, questioning the practical relevance of existing benchmarks. While the currently prevalent trend is to consider different datasets as OOD, we posit that out-distributions of practical interest are ones where the distinction is semantic in nature, and evaluative tasks should reflect this more closely. Assuming a context of computer vision object recognition problems, we then recommend a set of benchmarks which we motivate by referencing practical applications of anomaly detection. Finally, we explore a multi-task learning based approach which suggests that auxiliary objectives for improved semantic awareness can result in improved semantic anomaly detection, with accompanying generalization benefits.

**Towards Self-Explainable Cyber-Physical Systems**

With the increasing complexity of CPSs, their behavior and decisions become increasingly difficult to understand and comprehend for users and other stakeholders. Our vision is to build self-explainable systems that can, at run-time, answer questions about the system’s past, current, and future behavior. As hitherto no design methodology or reference framework exists for building such systems, we propose the MAB-EX framework for building self-explainable systems that leverage requirements- and explainability models at run-time. The basic idea of MAB-EX is to first Monitor and Analyze a certain behavior of a system, then Build an explanation from explanation models and convey this EXplanation in a suitable way to a stakeholder. We also take into account that new explanations can be learned, by updating the explanation models, should new and yet un-explainable behavior be detected by the system.

**Semi-Supervised Learning using Differentiable Reasoning**

We introduce Differentiable Reasoning (DR), a novel semi-supervised learning technique which uses relational background knowledge to benefit from unlabeled data. We apply it to the Semantic Image Interpretation (SII) task and show that background knowledge provides significant improvement. We find that there is a strong but interesting imbalance between the contributions of updates from Modus Ponens (MP) and its logical equivalent Modus Tollens (MT) to the learning process, suggesting that our approach is very sensitive to a phenomenon called the Raven Paradox. We propose a solution to overcome this situation.

**Exploiting Parallelism Opportunities with Deep Learning Frameworks**

State-of-the-art machine learning frameworks support a wide variety of design features to enable a flexible machine learning programming interface and to ease the programmability burden on machine learning developers. Identifying and using a performance-optimal setting in feature-rich frameworks, however, involves a non-trivial amount of performance characterization and domain-specific knowledge. This paper takes a deep dive into analyzing the performance impact of key design features and the role of parallelism. The observations and insights distill into a simple set of guidelines that one can use to achieve much higher training and inference speedup. The evaluation results show that our proposed performance tuning guidelines outperform both the Intel and TensorFlow recommended settings by 1.29x and 1.34x, respectively, across a diverse set of real-world deep learning models.

**metric-learn: Metric Learning Algorithms in Python**

metric-learn is an open source Python package implementing supervised and weakly-supervised distance metric learning algorithms. As part of scikit-learn-contrib, it provides a unified interface compatible with scikit-learn which allows to easily perform cross-validation, model selection, and pipelining with other machine learning estimators. metric-learn is thoroughly tested and available on PyPi under the MIT licence.

**IMS-Speech: A Speech to Text Tool**

We present the IMS-Speech, a web based tool for German and English speech transcription aiming to facilitate research in various disciplines which require accesses to lexical information in spoken language materials. This tool is based on modern open source software stack, advanced speech recognition methods and public data resources and is freely available for academic researchers. The utilized models are built to be generic in order to provide transcriptions of competitive accuracy on a diverse set of tasks and conditions.

**Adaptive Learning of Aggregate Analytics under Dynamic Workloads**

Large organizations have seamlessly incorporated data-driven decision making in their operations. However, as data volumes increase, expensive big data infrastructures are called to rescue. In this setting, analytics tasks become very costly in terms of query response time, resource consumption, and money in cloud deployments, especially when base data are stored across geographically distributed data centers. Therefore, we introduce an adaptive Machine Learning mechanism which is light-weight, stored client-side, can estimate the answers of a variety of aggregate queries and can avoid the big data backend. The estimations are performed in milliseconds are inexpensive and accurate as the mechanism learns from past analytical-query patterns. However, as analytic queries are ad-hoc and analysts’ interests change over time we develop solutions that can swiftly and accurately detect such changes and adapt to new query patterns. The capabilities of our approach are demonstrated using extensive evaluation with real and synthetic datasets.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
