---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      What’s going on on PyPI
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/08/30/whats-going-on-on-pypi-2/
date:      2019-08-30
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - data
    - learning
    - neural
    - structures
    - structured
---

Scanning all new published packages on PyPI I know that the quality is often quite bad. I try to filter out the worst ones and list here the ones which might be worth a look, being followed or inspire you in some way.

• **metaVis**metaVis: An integrated data upload and interactive heatmap visualization tool built for exploratory data analysis and introspection.

• **mlrun**Tracking and config of machine learning runs. A generic an easy to use mechanism for data scientists and developers/engineers to describe and track code, metadata, inputs, and outputs of machine learning related tasks (executions).

• **nlp-tarte**A framework for disambiguation

• **nnplot**Plot Neural Networks and the weights of the links between their nodes

• **nnsp**NNSP: Neural network based end-to-end Speech Processing toolkit

• **NwalaTextUtils**Collection of functions for processing text

• **opengen-tf**OpenGen is a toolkit that offers an easy interface to generative models. OpenGen (Open Neural Generators) is a general purpose data generator toolkit using TensorFlow 2.0.

• **pandas27**Powerful data structures for data analysis, time series, and statistics. **pandas** is a Python package providing fast, flexible, and expressive data structures designed to make working with structured (tabular, multidimensional, potentially heterogeneous) and time series data both easy and intuitive. It aims to be the fundamental high-level building block for doing practical, **real world** data analysis in Python. Additionally, it has the broader goal of becoming **the most powerful and flexible open source data analysis / manipulation tool available in any language**. It is already well on its way toward this goal.

• **pyfathom**Text comprehension library for Python

• **sk-dist**Distributed scikit-learn meta-estimators with PySpark

• **friendbot**Markov-chain based chatbot which uses Slack messages as its corpus. Friendbot is a Markov-chain based chatbot which uses Slack messages as its corpus. It reads in messages from a Slack data export, generates a corpus from them, and feeds this to a markov chain generator to naively simulate a conversation. It is a WSGI application, built with [Flask](https://…/flask ), designed to be served with a WSGI HTTP server such as [Gunicorn](https://…/gunicorn ). The sentences which it generates can be accessed via a REST API.

• **mute-tf-warnings**A package for allocating tensorflow gpu memory use in python. Have been frustrated with tensorflow upgrade/other warnings? then this package is for you. It mutes tensorflow warnings and makes your code outputs clean.

• **neural-structured-learning**TensorFlow Neural Structured Learning. Neural Structured Learning (NSL) is a new learning paradigm to train neural networks by leveraging structured signals in addition to feature inputs. Structure can be explicit as represented by a graph or implicit as induced by adversarial perturbation .

• **opennng**OpenNNG is a toolkit that offers an easy interface to generative models. OpenNNG (Open Neural Network Generator) is a general purpose data generator toolkit that uses TensorFlow 2.0.

• **op-sentiment**Identify the sentiment of a piece of text

### Like this:

Like Loading...
