---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Document worth reading： “A Comprehensive Analysis on Adversarial Robustness of Spiking Neural Networks”
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/08/21/document-worth-reading-a-comprehensive-analysis-on-adversarial-robustness-of-spiking-neural-networks/
date:      2019-08-21
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - attacks
    - adversarially
    - scenarios
    - artificial neural networks
    - snns
---

In this era of machine learning models, their functionality is being threatened by adversarial attacks. In the face of this struggle for making artificial neural networks robust, finding a model, resilient to these attacks, is very important. In this work, we present, for the first time, a comprehensive analysis of the behavior of more bio-plausible networks, namely Spiking Neural Network (SNN) under state-of-the-art adversarial tests. We perform a comparative study of the accuracy degradation between conventional VGG-9 Artificial Neural Network (ANN) and equivalent spiking network with CIFAR-10 dataset in both whitebox and blackbox setting for different types of single-step and multi-step FGSM (Fast Gradient Sign Method) attacks. We demonstrate that SNNs tend to show more resiliency compared to ANN under black-box attack scenario. Additionally, we find that SNN robustness is largely dependent on the corresponding training mechanism. We observe that SNNs trained by spike-based backpropagation are more adversarially robust than the ones obtained by ANN-to-SNN conversion rules in several whitebox and blackbox scenarios. Finally, we also propose a simple, yet, effective framework for crafting adversarial attacks from SNNs. Our results suggest that attacks crafted from SNNs following our proposed method are much stronger than those crafted from ANNs. A Comprehensive Analysis on Adversarial Robustness of Spiking Neural Networks

### Like this:

Like Loading...
