---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Fresh from the Python Package Index
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/08/23/fresh-from-the-python-package-index-37/
date:      2019-08-22
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - analytical
    - analytics
    - tensorflow
    - telegram
    - toolkit
---

• **tuesday**A python package for automisation. You can easily automize and most of the commands of system by your voice. By using this package u can easily build jarvis like programme, irrespective of your knowledge of coding. Easy voice commands to work with.

• **cltkv1**Classical Language Toolkit

• **predicode**Simulations and interface to analytical solutions of predictive coding

• **allennlp-pvt-nightly**An open-source NLP research library, built on PyTorch.

• **analytics-utils**Package with functions for data analytics

• **data-view**Automated view of dataset

• **dibb**A framework for Distributed Black-Box {optimization, search, algorithms}

• **jiayan**The NLP toolkit designed for classical chinese.

• **larrydata**Library of helper modules for common data tasks using AWS resources such as S3, SQS, MTurk and others. Library of utilities for common data tasks using AWS. While boto3 is a great interface for interacting with AWS services, it can be overly complex for data scientists and others who want to perform simple operations on data without worrying about API-specific interactions and parameters. Larrydata provides a simple wrapper for S3, MTurk, and other data-oriented services to let you focus on the data rather than syntax.

• **MatchZoo-test**Facilitating the design, comparison and sharingof deep text matching models.

• **proto-dist-ml**Prototype-based Machine Learning on Distance Data.

• **telegram-botup**Library for development Telegram bots

• **tensorflow-radam**RAdam implemented in Keras & TensorFlow

• **testbook**A testing package using Jupyter Notebooks

### Like this:

Like Loading...
