---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Fresh from the Python Package Index
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/08/26/fresh-from-the-python-package-index-39/
date:      2019-08-26
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - networks
    - python
    - price
    - predictions
    - predictive
---

• **batchflow**A framework for fast data processing and ML models training. `BatchFlow` helps you conveniently work with random or sequential batches of your data and define data processing and machine learning workflows even for datasets that do not fit into memory. For more details see [the documentation and tutorials](https://…/batchflow ).

• **blogger**Command line utility for converting text to speech.

• **ckipneutools**Neural implementation of CKIP WS, POS, NER tools

• **dnnnlp**Deep Neural Networks for Natural Language Processing classification or sequential task written by PyTorch.

• **entmax**The entmax mapping and its loss, a family of sparse alternatives to softmax.

• **ForesightPy**A package for price forecasting using LSTM networks. Foresight is a collection of tools built in Python 3 to forecast the future price movements of industrial metals, using Long Short Term Memory networks. It can take univariate or multivariate datasets and make predictions using single-input single-output (SISO), multi-input single-output (MISO) or multi-input multi-output (MIMO) frameworks. It was built for the purpose of testing the hypothesis that improved predictive performance can be achieved by applying the multi-task learning paradigm to commodity price forecasting. As such many of the example notebooks are built for this purpose. The tools can equally be applied to any user chosen datasets, provided the datasets are loaded in the format shown in the example csvs, or are inputed directly as shown in the ‘generic’ notebooks.

• **grapho**Yet another graph library. Grapho is yet another Graph Library, written in Python with the idea of being able to represent Grapho is compatible with: Python 3.5-3.7.

• **kenn**Knowledge Enhanced Neural Networks. KENN (Knowledge Enhanced Neural Networks) is a library for python 2.7 built on top of TensorFlow which permits to enhance neural networks models with logical constraints (clauses). It does so by adding a new final layer, called Knowledge Enhancer (KE), to the existing neural network. The KE change the orginal predictions of the standard neural network enforcing the satisfaction of the constraints. Additionally, it contains clause weights, learnable parameters associated to the constraints that represent their strength.

• **libcloudspawner**libcloudspawner: A Spawner for Jupyterhub which create user notebook inside cloud. LibcloudSpawner is a JupyterHub Spawner that allows JupyterHub to launch users notebooks inside cloud instance. One instance, one user. LibcloudSpawner is based on Apache Libcloud which provides an abstraction API for a lot of cloud providers. By the way, LibcloudSpawner will support OpenStack, Google Cloud Engine, Amazon AWS or CloudStack…

• **numba-scipy**numba-scipy extends Numba to make it aware of SciPy. numba-scipy extends Numba to make it aware of SciPy. Numba is an open source, NumPy-aware optimizing compiler for Python sponsored by Anaconda, Inc. It uses the LLVM compiler project to generate machine code from Python syntax.

• **py-common-subseq**Microlibrary finding all common subsequences between two sequences in polynomial time.

• **specclassify**A Python package for multi- or hyperspectral image classification.

• **tensorflow-privacy**

• **wo**Workflow Orchestration tool. This module helps you to orchestrate your machine learning workflows and reduce the amount of boilerplate code, required for your operations.

• **autogluon**Gluon AutoML Toolkit

### Like this:

Like Loading...
