---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Fresh from the Python Package Index
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/08/28/fresh-from-the-python-package-index-41/
date:      2019-08-27
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - networks
    - machine learning framework
    - dataframes
    - mdn
    - neural
---

• **pynfl**A machine learning framework for predicting outcomes of NFL games.

• **sql-test**Conduct quality assurance testing on database tables. Use examples include comparing data in a view to those in a table derived from a star schema, or comparing results from a table derived from an external source to a table built via ETL.

• **stepspy**Python module of Simulation Toolkit for Electrical Power Systems

• **tensorsignatures**Tensorframework for mutational signature analysis.

• **anko**Toolkit for performing anomaly detection algorithm on time series.

• **ckiptagger**Neural implementation of CKIP WS, POS, NER tools. This open-source library implements neural CKIP-style Chinese NLP tools.• (WS) word segmentation• (POS) part-of-speech tagging• (NER) named entity recognition

• **cotk**Conversational Toolkits. cotk is an open-source lightweight framework for model building and evaluation. We provides standard dataset and evaluation suites in the domain of general language generation. It easy to use and make you focus on designing your models!

• **dataflame**DataFlame: Machine-Learning Oriented Dataframe Manipulation Interface for Pandas Dataframes

• **deephyp**Tools for training and using unsupervised autoencoders and supervised deep learning classifiers for hyperspectral data. Autoencoders are unsupervised neural networks that are useful for a range of applications such as unsupervised feature learning and dimensionality reduction. Supervised deep learning classifiers can be trained on labelled data to predict the class of spectra. This repository provides a python-based toolbox called deephyp, with examples for building, training and testing both dense and convolutional autoencoders and classification neural networks, designed for hyperspectral data. Networks are easy to setup and can be customised with different architectures. Different methods of training can also be implemented. The toolbox is built on tensorflow.

• **ebv-luqum**A Lucene query parser generating ElasticSearch queries and more!

• **keras-mdn-layer**An MDN Layer for Keras using TensorFlow Probability. A mixture density network (MDN) Layer for Keras using TensorFlow’s distributions module. This makes it a bit more simple to experiment with neural networks that predict multiple real-valued variables that can take on multiple equally likely values.

• **ml-boilerplate**A collection of useful tools for machine learning.

• **mlenv**A machine learning framework.

• **pydens**Framework for solving differential equations with deep learning. PyDEns is a framework for solving Ordinary and Partial Differential Equations (ODEs & PDEs) using neural networks. With PyDEns one can solve• PDEs & ODEs from a large family including Heat_equation, Poisson’s Equation, Wave Equation.• parametric families of PDEs• PDEs with trainable coefficients.

• **pyfathom**Text comprehension library for Python

### Like this:

Like Loading...
