---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      What’s going on on PyPI
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/08/29/whats-going-on-on-pypi/
date:      2019-08-29
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - data
    - learning
    - inferences
    - based
    - python
---

Scanning all new published packages on PyPI I know that the quality is often quite bad. I try to filter out the worst ones and list here the ones which might be worth a look, being followed or inspire you in some way.

• **phovea-data-hdf**Data provider plugin for loading data stored in the hierarchical data format (HDF).

• **sumgram**sumgram is a tool that summarizes a collection of text documents by generating the most frequent sumgrams (multiple ngrams)

• **yamconv**yamconv converts the file formats of machine learning datasets

• **algorithm-x**An efficient implementation of Algorithm X

• **apache-superset-johan078**A modern, enterprise-ready business intelligence web application

• **batchflows-pporto**library for executing batches of data processing sequentially or asynchronously to python 3

• **coffeeshop**A python package that sends your deep learning training loss to your slack channel after every specified epoch.

• **ctpbee_converter**Data converter base pandas and numpy

• **dbloy**Continuous Delivery tool for PySpark Notebooks based jobs on Databricks.

• **dvc-cc**This connector is used to combine the work of CC (www.curious-containers.cc) and DVC (Open-source Version Control System for Machine Learning Projects).

• **graph-articulations**Extension of PyTorch Geometric and Open 3d for learning kinematic articulations

• **HyPSTER**HyPSTER is a brand new Python package that helps you find compact and accurate ML Pipelines while staying light and efficient.

• **jetstreamer**Image and inference metadata recording utility for NVIDIA Tegra. JetStreamer is a command line utility* to record frames and perform inferences from a camera on NVIDIA Tegra. It uses the Jetson Inference library which is comprised of utilities and wrappers around lower level NVIDIA inference libraries.

• **JLpyUtils**Custom methodes for various data science, computer vision, and machine learning operations in python

• **Lutil**Assist small-scale machine learning.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
