---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Fitting ‘complex’ mixed models with ‘nlme’. Example #1
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/paSdRmlrXyQ/
date:      2019-08-20
author:      R on The broken bridge between biologists and statisticians
tags:
    - genotypes
    - block
    - winterwheat
    - variances
    - coding
---

Fitting mixed models has become very common in biology and recent developments involve the manipulation of the variance-covariance matrix for random effects and residuals. To the best of my knowledge, within the frame of frequentist methods, the only freeware solution in R should be based on the ‘nlme’ package, as the ‘lmer’ package does not easily permit such manipulations. The ‘nlme’ package is fully described in Pinheiro and Bates (2000). Of course, the ‘asreml’ package can be used, but, unfortunately, this is not freeware.

Coding mixed models in ‘nlme’ is not always easy, especially when we have crossed random effects, which is very common with agricultural experiments. I have been struggling with this issue very often in the last years and I thought it might be useful to publish a few examples in this blog, to save collegues from a few headaches. Please, note that I have already published other posts dealing with the use of the ‘lme()’ function in the ‘nlme’ package, for example this post here about the correlation in designed experiments and this other post here, about heteroscedastic multienvironment experiments.

The first example in this series relates to a randomised complete block design with three replicates, comparing winter wheat genotypes. The experiment was repeated in seven years in the same location. The dataset (‘WinterWheat’) is available in the ‘aomisc’ package, which is the companion package for this blog and it is available on gitHub. Information on how to download and install the ‘aomisc’ package are given in this page. Please, note that this dataset shows the data for eight genotypes, but the model that we want to fit requires that the number of environments is higher than the number of genotypes. Therefore, we have to make a subset, at the beginning, removing a couple of genotypes.

The first code snippet loads the ‘aomisc’ package and other necessary packages. Afterwards, it loads the ‘WinterWheat’ dataset, subsets it and turns the ‘Genotype’, ‘Year’ and ‘Block’ variables into factors.

```
library(plyr)
library(nlme)
library(aomisc)
data(WinterWheat)
WinterWheat <- WinterWheat[WinterWheat$Genotype != "SIMETO" & WinterWheat$Genotype != "SOLEX",]
WinterWheat$Genotype <- factor(WinterWheat$Genotype)
WinterWheat$Year <- factor(WinterWheat$Year)
WinterWheat$Block <- factor(WinterWheat$Block)
head(WinterWheat, 10)
## Plot Block Genotype Yield Year
## 1 2 1 COLOSSEO 6.73 1996
## 2 1 1 CRESO 6.02 1996
## 3 50 1 DUILIO 6.06 1996
## 4 49 1 GRAZIA 6.24 1996
## 5 63 1 IRIDE 6.23 1996
## 6 32 1 SANCARLO 5.45 1996
## 9 110 2 COLOSSEO 6.96 1996
## 10 137 2 CRESO 5.34 1996
## 11 91 2 DUILIO 5.57 1996
## 12 138 2 GRAZIA 6.09 1996
```

Dealing with the above dataset, a good candidate model for data analyses is the so-called ‘environmental variance model’. This model is often used in stability analyses for multi-environment experiments and I will closely follow the coding proposed in Piepho (1999):

\[y_{ijk} = \mu + g_i + r_{jk} + h_{ij} + \varepsilon_{ijk}\]

where \(y_{ijk}\) is yield (or other trait) for the \(k\)-th block, \(i\)-th genotype and \(j\)-th environment, \(\mu\) is the intercept, \(g_i\) is the effect for the i-th genotype, \(r_{jk}\) is the effect for the \(k\)-th block in the \(j\)-th environment, \(h_{ij}\) is a random deviation from the expected yield for the \(i\)-th genotype in the \(j\)-th environment and \(\varepsilon_{ijk}\) is the residual variability of yield between plots, within each environment and block.

We usually assume that \(r_{jk}\) and \(\varepsilon_{ijk}\) are independent and normally distributed, with variances equal to \(\sigma^2_r\) and \(\sigma^2_e\), respectively. Such an assumption may be questioned, but we will not do it now, for the sake of simplicity.

Let’s concentrate on \(h_{ij}\), which we will assume as normally distributed with variance-covariance matrix equal to \(\Omega\). In particular, it is reasonable to expect that the genotypes will have different variances across environments (heteroscedasticity), which can be interpreted as static stability measures (‘environmental variances’; hence the name ‘environmental variance model’). Furthermore, it is reasonable that, if an environment is good for one genotype, it may also be good for other genotypes, so that yields in each environment are correlated, although the correlations can be different for each couple of genotypes. To reflect our expectations, the \(\Omega\) matrix needs to be totally unstructured, with the only constraint that it is positive definite.

Piepho (1999) has shown how the above model can be coded by using SAS and I translated his code into R.

```
EnvVarMod <- lme(Yield ~ Genotype, 
 random = list(Year = pdSymm(~Genotype - 1), 
 Year = pdIdent(~Block - 1)),
 control = list(opt = "optim", maxIter = 100),
 data=WinterWheat)
VarCorr(EnvVarMod)
## Variance StdDev Corr 
## Year = pdSymm(Genotype - 1) 
## GenotypeCOLOSSEO 0.48876512 0.6991174 GCOLOS GCRESO GDUILI
## GenotypeCRESO 0.70949309 0.8423141 0.969 
## GenotypeDUILIO 2.37438440 1.5409038 0.840 0.840 
## GenotypeGRAZIA 1.18078525 1.0866394 0.844 0.763 0.942 
## GenotypeIRIDE 1.23555204 1.1115539 0.857 0.885 0.970 
## GenotypeSANCARLO 0.93335518 0.9661031 0.928 0.941 0.962 
## Year = pdIdent(Block - 1) 
## Block1 0.02748257 0.1657787 
## Block2 0.02748257 0.1657787 
## Block3 0.02748257 0.1657787 
## Residual 0.12990355 0.3604214 
## 
## Year = 
## GenotypeCOLOSSEO GGRAZI GIRIDE
## GenotypeCRESO 
## GenotypeDUILIO 
## GenotypeGRAZIA 
## GenotypeIRIDE 0.896 
## GenotypeSANCARLO 0.884 0.942 
## Year = 
## Block1 
## Block2 
## Block3 
## Residual
```

I coded the random effects as a list, by using the ‘Year’ as the nesting factor (Galecki and Burzykowski, 2013). In order to specify a totally unstructured variance-covariance matrix for the genotypes within years, I used the ‘pdMat’ construct ‘pdSymm()’. This model is rather complex and may take long to converge.

The environmental variances are retrieved by the following code:

```
envVar <- as.numeric ( VarCorr(EnvVarMod)[2:7,1] )
envVar
## [1] 0.4887651 0.7094931 2.3743844 1.1807853 1.2355520 0.9333552
```

while the correlations are given by:

```
VarCorr(EnvVarMod)[2:7,3:7]
## Corr 
## GenotypeCOLOSSEO "GCOLOS" "GCRESO" "GDUILI" "GGRAZI" "GIRIDE"
## GenotypeCRESO "0.969" "" "" "" "" 
## GenotypeDUILIO "0.840" "0.840" "" "" "" 
## GenotypeGRAZIA "0.844" "0.763" "0.942" "" "" 
## GenotypeIRIDE "0.857" "0.885" "0.970" "0.896" "" 
## GenotypeSANCARLO "0.928" "0.941" "0.962" "0.884" "0.942"
```
