---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Finding out why
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/08/21/finding-out-why-34/
date:      2019-08-21
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - statistics
    - paper
    - causality
    - statistical inference
    - alliances
---

***Paper***: ***Karl Pearson and the Logic of Science: Renouncing Causal Understanding (the Bride) and Inverted Spinozism***

Karl Pearson is the leading figure of XX century statistics. He and his co-workers crafted the core of the theory, methods and language of frequentist or classical statistics — the prevalent inductive logic of contemporary science. However, before working in statistics, K.Pearson had other interests in life, namely, in this order, philosophy, physics, and biological heredity. Key concepts of his philosophical and epistemological system of anti-Spinozism (a form of transcendental idealism) are carried over to his subsequent works on the logic of scientific discovery. This article’s main goal is to analyze K.Pearson early philosophical and theological ideas and to investigate how the same ideas came to influence contemporary science, either directly or indirectly — by the use of variant theories, methods and dialects of statistics, corresponding to variant statistical inference procedures and their specific belief calculi.

***Paper***: ***gfoRmula: An R package for estimating effects of general time-varying treatment interventions via the parametric g-formula***

Researchers are often interested in using longitudinal data to estimate the causal effects of hypothetical time-varying treatment interventions on the mean or risk of a future outcome. Standard regression/conditioning methods for confounding control generally fail to recover causal effects when time-varying confounders are themselves affected by past treatment. In such settings, estimators derived from Robins’s g-formula may recover time-varying treatment effects provided sufficient covariates are measured to control confounding by unmeasured risk factors. The package gfoRmula implements in R one such estimator: the parametric g-formula. This estimator easily adapts to binary or continuous time-varying treatments as well as contrasts defined by static or dynamic, deterministic or random treatment interventions, as well as interventions that depend on the natural value of treatment. The package accommodates survival outcomes as well as binary or continuous end of follow-up outcomes. For survival outcomes, the package has different options for handling competing events. This paper describes the gfoRmula package, along with motivating background, features, and examples.

***Paper***: ***Alliances and Conflict, or Conflict and Alliances? Appraising the Causal Effect of Alliances on Conflict***

The deterrent effect of military alliances is well documented and widely accepted. However, such work has typically assumed that alliances are exogenous. This is problematic as alliances may simultaneously influence the probability of conflict and be influenced by the probability of conflict. Failing to account for such endogeneity produces overly simplistic theories of alliance politics and barriers to identifying the causal effect of alliances on conflict. In this manuscript, I propose a solution to this theoretical and empirical modeling challenge. Synthesizing theories of alliance formation and the alliance-conflict relationship, I innovate an endogenous theory of alliances and conflict. I then test this theory using innovative generalized joint regression models that allow me to endogenize alliance formation on the causal path to conflict. Once doing so, I ultimately find that alliances neither deter nor provoke aggression. This has significant implications for our understanding of interstate conflict and alliance politics.

***Paper***: ***Counterfactual Distribution Regression for Structured Inference***

We consider problems in which a system receives external \emph{perturbations} from time to time. For instance, the system can be a train network in which particular lines are repeatedly disrupted without warning, having an effect on passenger behavior. The goal is to predict changes in the behavior of the system at particular points of interest, such as passenger traffic around stations at the affected rails. We assume that the data available provides records of the system functioning at its ‘natural regime’ (e.g., the train network without disruptions) and data on cases where perturbations took place. The inference problem is how information concerning perturbations, with particular covariates such as location and time, can be generalized to predict the effect of novel perturbations. We approach this problem from the point of view of a mapping from the counterfactual distribution of the system behavior without disruptions to the distribution of the disrupted system. A variant on \emph{distribution regression} is developed for this setup.

***Paper***: ***Causality from the Point of View of Classical Statistics***

An attempt is made to provide a clear and concise basis for a statistical approach to causality which subsumes and reconciles the models proposed by J. Pearl, J. Robins, D. Rubin and other authors, and which fits in with classical statistical theory and with methods based on stratification and matching. Proofs of the most important results are given, and a variety of examples considered by the different schools of ‘statistical causality’ are treated in detail and in a self-contained manner.

***Article***: ***How to Measure Statistical Causality: A Transfer Entropy Approach with Financial Applications***

We’ve all heard the say ‘correlation does not imply causation’, but how can we quantify causation? This is an extremely difficult and often misleading task, particularly when trying to infer causality from observational data and we cannot perform controlled trials or A/B testing.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
