---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      25 Tricks for Pandas
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/kdnuggets-data-mining-analytics/~3/-Tmq8lF2wX4/25-tricks-pandas.html
date:      2019-08-06
author:      Matthew Mayo
tags:
    - dataframes
    - columns
    - data covering
    - kevin
    - tricks
---


Last week, Kevin Markham (@justmarkham) of DataSchool.io posted a handy video and an companion Jupyter notebook titled "My top 25 pandas tricks." I found the collection of tricks handy enough to warrant sharing with our readers.

True to its name, the video outlines a number of Pandas tricks for working with and manipulating data, covering topics such as string manipulations, splitting and filtering DataFrames, combining and aggregating data, and more. Aside from the promised 25 tricks, a bonus 26th covering Pandas DataFrame profiling is included.

The collection of tricks are well explained in the video, are practical and ready for use right away, and implementations with sample datasets can be studied further in the accompanying notebook.

If you aren't aware, Kevin is a data science educator and the founder of Data School, specializing in Python and machine learning. Data School is a website featuring blog posts, videos, courses, Jupyter notebooks, and webcast recordings, with a mix of free and paid content.

The Pandas DataFrame tricks from the video are:

Show installed versions
Create an example DataFrame
Rename columns
Reverse row order
Reverse column order
Select columns by data type
Convert strings to numbers
Reduce DataFrame size
Build a DataFrame from multiple files (row-wise)
Build a DataFrame from multiple files (column-wise)
Create a DataFrame from the clipboard
Split a DataFrame into two random subsets
Filter a DataFrame by multiple categories
Filter a DataFrame by largest categories
Handle missing values
Split a string into multiple columns
Expand a Series of lists into a DataFrame
Aggregate by multiple functions
Combine the output of an aggregation with a DataFrame
Select a slice of rows and columns
Reshape a MultiIndexed Series
Create a pivot table
Convert continuous data into categorical data
Change display options
Style a DataFrame
Bonus trick: Profile a DataFrame

Check out the Jupyter notebook for a more in-depth look at the Pandas tricks that Kevin lays out in the video. Also be sure to check out Data School for lots of other useful data science related learning content.

 **Related**:



 
