---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      What’s happening at EARL Conference 2019?
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/_jFjIt0UqOY/
date:      2019-08-30
author:      Mango Solutions
tags:
    - data
    - developer
    - development
    - mitchell
    - julia
---





The Enterprise Applications of the R Language Conference (EARL) is the place to be for anyone using R in their organisation. You’ll be joined by R users from all over the data world, presenting their real-world projects and use cases, and ideas and solutions.

The conference is run by Mango Solutions, as part of our commitment to the data community.

EARL 2019’s speaker lineup is something special indeed, with Sainsbury’s Group Chief Data Officer, Helen Hunter delivering the opening keynote and taking us through Sainsbury’s ongoing data analytics journey into an increasingly digitally-led retail future.

Joining Helen in the opening session is none other than Stack Overflow’s Data Scientist Julia Silge. You probably already know Julia from her huge Twitter following, from GitHub, or – obviously – from her prolific posting on Stack Overflow itself.

At EARL 2019, Julia will be keynoting around the Stack Overflow Developer Survey – the world’s biggest and most comprehensive survey of people who code. With 90,000 respondents in 2019, Julia’s had a lot of data to comb through, and she’ll be taking us through how and why she used R to analyse that survey.

Julia says:* “We are working with a complex dataset on a tight schedule and the R ecosystem provides the fluent data analysis tools we need to deliver compelling results on time”*

Also speaking is Hasnain Mahmood, Senior Quantitative Associate at clearing house LCH, where he’s working in the Change and Innovation stream in the In-Business Risk Management team.

In his session, you can learn how Hasnain and his team have been using an R-focused technology stack, to carry out quantitative research to identify unique factors driving counterparty trading behaviour.

Hasnain says:* “Put simply, we make financial markets safer”*

It’s no secret that Heathrow Airport is in a state of huge development, with an intention to increase passenger movement through it from 80 million to 150 million as a result of the planned third runway.

Mitchell Stirling is the Capacity and Modelling Manager handling a critical element of this uptick in passengers – their baggage. Mitchell will be explaining how, working with Mango Solutions, he and his team converted legacy PERL script into an R package to cut down manual intervention, flag errors earlier, and generally stabilise the process – hopefully meaning less suitcases will show up in Seattle when you’re in New York.

Mitchell says: *“For the past 20 years, growth at the airport has been constrained by its existing assets – but there is much to do to use them to their maximum potential”*

Does using R “spark joy”? RStudio’s Kelly O’ Briant thinks it does, and as a Solutions Engineer, she’s passionate about bridging the gaps between development and production in data science projects. Covering how CI/CD tools can enhance reproducibility for R and data science, she’ll be showcasing practical examples in testing and deployment.

Kelly says: *“Once you’ve embraced some basic development best practices in data science, what comes next? What does it take to feel confident that our data products will make it to production?”*

Data journalism is now very much ‘a thing’, and that’s why we’ll be hearing from the BBC’s Nassos Stylianou.

The Senior Data Journalist will take us through how R is now being used to extract, wrangle and analyse data for major BBC stories, including the use of ggplot2 to create production-ready charts for a global audience, as well as informing the wider BBC of its value.

Nassos says: *“The transition to R let us spread its use to other members of the Data and Visual Journalism team who had no prior knowledge of R”*

Join us at EARL 2019 to see these speakers and more, as well as our hugely popular workshops covering a range of topics from package development in R to producing explainable, non-black box, machine learning models.EARL Conference runs 10-12 September 2019 at the Tower Hotel, London, E1W 1LD.


*Related*






---
