---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      R Packages worth a look
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/08/30/r-packages-worth-a-look-1619/
date:      2019-08-30
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - data
    - multiple
    - textgrids
    - praat
    - annotation
---

***Linguistic Phonetic Fieldwork Tools*** (**phonfieldwork**)There are a lot of different typical tasks that should be solved during phonetic research and experiments, such as creation of presentation that will contain all stimuli, rename and concatenate multiple sound files recorded during phonetic session, automatically annotate ‘Praat’ TextGrids (this is one of the sound annotation standards provided by ‘Praat’ software, see Paul Boersma, David Weenink 2018 <http://…/> ), create an html that includes annotation and spectrogram tables, convert multiple formats (‘Praat’ TextGrid, ‘EXMARaLDA’ and ‘ELAN’) into each other. All those tasks could be solved by mixture of different tools (some programs in any programming language for automatic renaming, some Praat scripts for the file concatenation and renaming, etc). This package provides functionality that will make it easier to solve those tasks independently of any of tools. You could also compare the functionality with other packages: ‘rPraat’ <https://…/package=rPraat>, ‘textgRid’ <https://…/package=textgRid>. 

***IMAP Tools in a Tidy Way*** (**mRpostman**)Multiple IMAP (Internet Message Access Protocol) commands based on the RFC 3501 manual (Crispin, 2003, <doi:10.17487/RFC3501>), its updates, and other related documents. Besides other features, ‘mRpostman’ provides functions for listing, selecting and renaming mailboxes, as well as moving, fetching, and searching for messages using several criteria.

***Automated Kinematic Analysis of Image Data*** (**trackter**)Analysis of shape and contours in regions of interest (ROIs) in image sequences and extracting midline and other kinematic data.

***Utility Functions for ‘MixtComp’ Outputs*** (**RMixtCompUtilities**)Mixture Composer <https://…/MixtComp> is a project to build mixture models with heterogeneous data sets and partially missing data management. This package contains graphical, getter and some utility functions to facilitate the analysis of ‘MixtComp’ output.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
