---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Fresh from the Python Package Index
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/08/24/fresh-from-the-python-package-index-38/
date:      2019-08-23
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - features
    - data
    - installation
    - models
    - learning
---

• **en-qai-sm**English multi-task CNN trained on OntoNotes. Assigns context-specific token vectors, POS tags, dependency parse and named entities.

• **faircorels**FairCORELS, a modified version of CORELS to build fair and interpretable models. Welcome to FairCorels, a Python library for learning fair and interpretable models using the Certifiably Optimal RulE ListS (CORELS) algorithm!

• **flexi-hash-embedding**PyTorch Extension Library of Optimized Scatter Operations. This PyTorch Module hashes and sums variably-sized dictionaries of features into a single fixed-size embedding. Feature keys are hashed, which is ideal for streaming contexts and online-learning such that we don’t have to memorize a mapping between feature keys and indices. Multiple variable-length features are grouped by example and then summed. Feature embeddings are scaled by their values, enabling linear features rather than just one-hot features.

• **JLpy-utils-package**Custom methodes for various data science, computer vision, and machine learning operations in python

• **kde-gpu**We implemented nadaraya waston kernel density and kernel conditional probability estimator using cuda through cupy. It is much faster than cpu version but it requires GPU with high memory.

• **matchzoo-py**Facilitating the design, comparison and sharingof deep text matching models.

• **naive-feature-selection**Naive Feature Selection. This package solves the Naive Feature Selection problem described in [the paper](https://…/1905.09884 ).

• **pencilbox**A pencilbox for your Jupyter notebooks.

• **pyAudioProcessing**Audio processing-feature extraction and building machine learning models from audio data.

• **scrolldown**Keep long running notebook in jupyter scrolled to the bottom

• **styletransfer**Transfer the style of one image to another using PyTorch

• **tf-object-detection**A Thin Wrapper around Tensorflow Object Detection API for Easy Installation and Use. This is a thin wrapper around [Tensorflow Object Detection API](https://…/object_detection ) for easy installation and use. The original [installation procedure](https://…/installation.md ) contains multiple manual steps that make dependency management difficult. This repository creates a pip package that automate the installation so that you can install the API with a single pip install.

• **titanfe**titan Data Flow Engine for Python

• **trendet**trendet – is a Python package for trend detection on stock time series data

• **twodlearn**Easy development of machine learning models

### Like this:

Like Loading...
