---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Eliminating Tail Calls in Python Using Exceptions
subtitle:      转载自：http://www.win-vector.com/blog/2019/08/eliminating-tail-calls-in-python-using-exceptions/
date:      2019-08-23
author:      John Mount
tags:
    - pendingfunctionevaluations
    - recursions
    - raise
    - raising
    - documents
---



maximum recursion depth exceeded in comparison



Of course, catching excess recursion neatly (as `Python` did above) is a feature. It is one way to stop possible run-away recursions.

However, if we want one particular function to exceed this limit (especially for tail calls, which should require no memory overhead!): we need to set up a framework similar to “Tail call recursion in Python”.

First we build a “thunk” to represent the evaluation of a function with all arguments specified, but that hasn’t happened yet. We implement pending calculations with the class `data_algebra.pending_eval.PendingFunctionEvaluation` (source here). The extra bit is: we have `PendingFunctionEvaluation` extend `Exception`, so we can use `raise` to jump out of our current function context.

Then, when we have what would normally be a “tail call” of the form “`return f(x)`“, we instead write “`raise PendingFunctionEvaluation(f, x)`“. The idea is: we end our current function by raising the exception, and the exception itself has the instructions for the desired next step or continuation of the calculation. An outer wrapper then *iteratively* evaluates any `PendingFunctionEvaluation`s encountered. Thus any tail recursion is replaced by iteration, and we have eliminated the stack and memory use of the tail calls. It should also be possible to use a `return`-style notation with the `PendingFunctionEvaluation` wrapper, but we feel the `raise` notation more clearly documents intent. 

An example is given here:
