---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      tikzDevice v0.12.3
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/r5B6igrHueY/
date:      2019-08-08
author:      R on Ralf Stubner
tags:
    - plots
    - plotting
    - tikzdevice version
    - friends
    - murdoch
---



[This article was first published on ** R on Ralf Stubner**, and kindly contributed to R-bloggers]. (You can report issue about the content on this page here)
Want to share your content on R-bloggers? click here if you have a blog, or here if you don't.



Yesterday tikzDevice version 0.12.3 madeit unto CRAN and is nowpropagating to the mirrors.

The tikzDevice package provides a graphics output device for R that records plots in a LaTeX-friendly format. The device transforms plotting commands issued by R functions into LaTeX code blocks. When included in a paper typeset by LaTeX, these blocks are interpreted with the help of TikZ—a graphics package for TeX and friends written by Till Tantau.

This version contains a series of minor updates. My former colleague Nico Bellack contributed two fixes:

- tikzDevice correctly translates the `lmitre = n` parameter of the `plot()` function now (#178)

- `tikz()` now accepts both `file` and `filename` as named arguments to fix `ggsave` issue that occurred with ggplot2 v3.0.0 (#181)


Hugo Gruson added syntax highlighting to the README (#194), and Duncan Murdoch spotted and corrected missing double escapes in the help page (#193). I updated the maintainer address and switched to using a temporary working directory due to problems with longer user names on Windows (#192).

Thanks a lot to all contributors!


*Related*






---
