---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Fresh from the Python Package Index
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/08/22/fresh-from-the-python-package-index-36/
date:      2019-08-22
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - testing
    - models
    - jupyterlab tests
    - api
    - scores
---

• **transformer-model**A Transformer model implementation in TensorFlow 2.0

• **cellannotation**Package for annotating the data (e.g. cell data). This package provides functionalities to annotate data with labels based on the Mann-Whitney U test and Hypergeometric test. Currently, we provide examples of the fast annotation of gene expression data with the cell types based on marker genes.

• **datalearn19intro**Helper code for DataLearn 2019 ML Intro Workshop.

• **easy-keras**An easy wrapper around Keras models

• **elastic-enterprise-search**An API client for Elastic Enterprise Search

• **empyricalRMT**Eigenvalue unfolding and spectral observable computation. A python library for Random Matrix Theory eigenvalue unfolding and computation and plotting of spectral observables.

• **fastax**A Jax based neural network library for research. fastax is a Deep Learning Library built on top of Google’s [JAX](https://…/jax ) that tries to facilitate doing research by providing a combination of JAX’s versatility with implementations of the most used neural networks layers and utilities.

• **gdascore-mock**Tools for generating General Data Anonymity Scores (www.gda-score.org). This repo holds a variety of tools in support of the GDA Score Project (General Data Anonymity Score Project). The code here is still very much alpha, and little effort has gone into making it easy for others to install and use. The primary language is Python, and requires Python3.7 or later. API documentation for some of the tools can be found at https://…/. 

• **jupyterlab-celltests**Cell-by-cell tests for JupyterLab. `Celltests` is designed for writing tests for linearly executed notebooks. Its primary use is for unit testing reports.

• **ml-studio**Machine Learning Algorithms

• **paddle2onnx**is a toolkit for converting trained model to onnx from PaddlePaddle frameworks.

• **pdfpug**Simple PDF Creator

• **phyre**Benchmark for PHYsical Reasoning. It provides a set of physics puzzles in a simulated 2D world. Each puzzle has a goal state (e.g., *make the green ball touch the blue wall*) and an initial state in which the goal is not satisfied (see the figure below). A puzzle can be solved by placing one or more new bodies in the environment such that when the physical simulation is run the goal is satisfied. An agent playing this game must solve previously unseen puzzles in as few attempts as possible.

• **pysampling**Multi-Objective Optimization in Python

• **python-aws-ssm**Python package that interfaces with AWS System Manager

• **Resemblyzer**Analyze and compare voices with deep learning

• **soio**A single objective intelligent optimization package

• **textgetter**A python package for extracting text from PDF/TIF/JPG/PNG files

### Like this:

Like Loading...
