---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Distilled News
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/08/26/distilled-news-1176/
date:      2019-08-26
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - learning
    - learned
    - models
    - texts
    - analytics
---

**Kullback-Leibler Divergence Python Example**

As you progress in your career as a data scientist, you will inevitable come across the Kullback-Leibler (KL) divergence. We can think of the KL divergence as distance metric (although it isn’t symmetric) that quantifies the difference between two probability distributions. One common scenario where this is useful is when we are working with a complex distribution. Rather than working with the distribution directly, we can make our life easier by using another distribution with well known properties (i.e. normal distribution) that does a decent job of describing the data. In other words, we can use the KL divergence to tell whether a poisson distribution or a normal distribution is a better at approximating the data. The KL divergence is also a key component of Gaussian Mixture Models and t-SNE.

**Intelligent Operations: How to Navigate the Journey from Manual to Automated**

The road to fully functional Intelligent Operations is bumpy, no matter what stage of digital transformation companies are currently in. Based on our experience, organizations typically fall into one of the following stages of maturity:Stage One: ReactiveStage Two: AwareStage Three: EffectiveStage Four: OptimizedStage Five: IntelligentStill Down the Road: AIOps

**Advanced Topics in Neural Networks**

This article will act as an introduction to some of the more advanced topics used in neural networks and will cover several important topics still discussed in neural network research.The topics that will be covered in this article are:• Transfer Learning• Tuning the learning rate• How to address overfitting• Dropout• Pruning

**Reinforcement Learning (DDPG and TD3) for News Recommendation**

Reinforcement Learning is the ideal framework for a recommendation system because it has Markov Property. The state is movies rated by a user. Action is the movie chosen to watch next and the reward is its rating. I made a DDPG/TD3 implementation of the idea. The main section of the article covers implementation details, discusses parameter choice for RL, introduces novel concepts of action evaluation, addresses the optimizer choice (Radam for life), and analyzes the results.

**Evaluating Probabilistic Forecasts with scoringRules**

Probabilistic forecasts in the form of probability distributions over future events have become popular in several fields including meteorology, hydrology, economics, and demography. In typical applications, many alternative statistical models and data sources can be used to produce probabilistic forecasts. Hence, evaluating and selecting among competing methods is an important task. The scoringRules package for R provides functionality for comparative evaluation of probabilistic models based on proper scoring rules, covering a wide range of situations in applied work. This paper discusses implementation and usage details, presents case studies from meteorology and economics, and points to the relevant background literature.

**NLP Essentials: Removing Stopwords and Performing Text Normalization using NLTK and spaCy in Python**

• Learn how to remove stopwords and perform text normalization in Python – an essential Natural Language Processing (NLP) read• We will explore the different methods to remove stopwords as well as talk about text normalization techniques like stemming and lemmatization• Put your theory into practice by performing stopwords removal and text normalization in Python using the popular NLTK, spaCy and Gensim libraries

**R-Squared for Mixed Effects Models**

When learning about linear models – that is, regression, ANOVA, and similar techniques – we are taught to calculate an R2. The R2 has the following useful properties:• The range is limited to [0,1], so we can easily judge how relatively large it is.• It is standardized, meaning its value does not depend on the scale of the variables involved in the analysis.• The interpretation is pretty clear: It is the proportion of variability in the outcome that can be explained by the independent variables in the model.

**Avoiding Machine Learning Mistakes 101**

In recent years, I am grateful to have co-developed three new AI-ML solutions that have passed the due diligence of leading companies or experts, and are being applied to solve real-world problems, earned an advanced degree at a top 10 university in informatics focusing on predictive analytics with ML, been honored as a finalist for two global innovation awards, and traveled throughout the US and Asia talking and listening on technology roadshows. These are some of the things I have learned:1. Talent Misfocus2. AI-ML as a Service3. Know What You Don’t Know4. Not One Model

**Automate Stacking In Python**

Utilizing stacking (stacked generalizations) is a very hot topic when it comes to pushing your machine learning algorithm to new heights. For instance, most if not all winning Kaggle submissions nowadays make use of some form of stacking or a variation of it. First introduced in the 1992 paper Stacked Generalization by David Wolpert, their main purpose is to reduce the generalization error. According to Wolpert, they can be understood ‘as a more sophisticated version of cross-validation’. While Wolpert himself noted at the time that large parts of stacked generalizations are ‘black art’, it seems that building larger and larger stacked generalizations win over smaller stacked generalizations. However, as these models keep increasing in size, they also increase in complexity. Automating the process of building different architectures would significantly simplify this process. The remainder of this article will deal with the package vecstack I recently came across that is attempting just this.

**Harness ChatOps To Create Technology-Augmented Teams**

To combat the ever-increasing pace and complexity of work, employees are always looking for ways to get more done. Corresponding with the rise in popularity of team-based perpetual chat platforms such as Microsoft Teams and Slack, a new way of working has emerged for DevOps teams: ChatOps, which centralizes work around these platforms. Through ChatOps, employees are rapidly automating their day-to-day lives and changing the way we work.

**Supercreativity**

Our experience of art – painting, music, sculpture, poetry – taps into multiple senses, associations, memories and emotions, and involves what one may call a conscious component. AI today lacks subjective experience and multimodality but is starting to acquire artistic creativity. Does creativity require the capacity of conscious experience? We assert that the answer is no. Specialized AI may soon become more creative than humans and better at capturing and representing collective experiences, as multimodality, supervised learning and collaboration with humans will significantly enhance today’s creative bots. Much of art is about recognizing and manipulating complex sensory patterns and associations, a task in which AI excels; thus, supercreativity – creative processes and outcomes that far surpass human abilities – may be around the corner.

**A Text Analytics Primer: Key Factors in a Text Analytics Strategy**

About 90% of all the data in the world we have created in the last 24 months – averaging 2.5 quintillion bytes per day – and about 90% of that is unstructured data, which is things like texts, Tweets, pictures, and videos (Griffith, 2018). The goal of discovering meaning and purpose in this electronic torrent has created the field of text analytics (a.k.a. text mining). This article is designed for decision makers interested in the benefits of text analytics and looking for key considerations in how to form a high-level strategy. The article provides a concise overview of major points and decisions in a 10-minute brief instead of taking the time to comb through and understand hundreds of pages of textbooks and journal articles. Think of this article as a ‘cheat sheet’ for decision makers outside of or new to data science to quickly get up to speed about key issues of text analytics.

**Data Scientists, The 5 Graph Algorithms that you should know**

In this post, I am going to be talking about some of the most important graph algorithms you should know and how to implement them using Python.1. Connected Components2. Shortest Path3. Minimum Spanning Tree4. Pagerank5. Centrality Measures

### Like this:

Like Loading...
