---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      rstudio：：conf(2020) call for submissions
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/9fMfC8C6gyQ/
date:      2019-08-09
author:      Hadley Wickham
tags:
    - talks
    - topics
    - contributed
    - contributions
    - invited
---



[This article was first published on ** RStudio Blog**, and kindly contributed to R-bloggers]. (You can report issue about the content on this page here)
Want to share your content on R-bloggers? click here if you have a blog, or here if you don't.



rstudio::conf, the conference on all things R and RStudio, will take place January 29 and 30, 2020 in San Francisco, Califorrnia, preceded by Training Days on January 27 and 28.

The rstudio::conf program includes invited speakers and RStudio employees, but we also want to hear from you, the R community! We are particularly interested in submissions that have one or more of these qualities:

- Showcase the use of R to solve real problems.

- Expand the use of R to reach new domains and audiences.

- Combine R with other world class tools, like python, tensorflow, and spark.

- Communicate using R, whether it’s building on top of RMarkdown, Shiny, ggplot2, or something else altogether.

- Discuss how to teach R effectively.


This year we’ve expanded the program: in addition to the three general interest parallel tracks, we’ve added a fourth track, aimed at:

- Industry-specific topics (particularly pharma and finance).

- Advanced technical topics aimed at expert R programmers.


We strive to reflect the full diversity of the R community in our conference program. If you have an interesting topic, we encourage you to apply, regardless of your background, experience, or job title.

Contributions will take one of three forms:

- 20-minute contributed talk, given alongside invited talks.

- 5 minute lightning talk, hosted in two high-energy lightning talk sessions.

- Electronic poster, shown during the opening reception on Thursday evening. We’ll provide a big screen, power, internet, drinks and snacks; you’ll provide a laptop running an innovative display or demo.


If accepted, you’ll receive complimentary registration for the conference. (If you have already registered, we’ll refund your registration.)

If you’re interested, please create an account and submit a proposal at: https://rstd.io/conf-talks. Submission closes September 7, and we’ll make decisions in early October.

Apply now!


*Related*






---
