---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Finding out why
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/08/20/finding-out-why-33/
date:      2019-08-20
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - causal
    - models
    - modelled
    - correlations
    - controlled
---

***Article***: ***The Deluge of Spurious Correlations in Big Data***

Very large databases are a major opportunity for science and data analytics is a remarkable new field of investigation in computer science. The effectiveness of these tools is used to support a ”philosophy” against the scientific method as developed throughout history. According to this view, computer-discovered correlations should replace understanding and guide prediction and action. Consequently, there will be no need to give scientific meaning to phenomena, by proposing, say, causal relations, since regularities in very large databases are enough: ”with enough data, the numbers speak for themselves”. The ”end of science” is proclaimed. Using classical results from ergodic theory, Ramsey theory and algorithmic information theory, we show that this ”philosophy” is wrong. For example, we prove that very large databases have to contain arbitrary correlations. These correlations appear only due to the size, not the nature, of data. They can be found in ”randomly” generated, large enough databases, which – as we will prove – implies that most correlations are spurious. Too much information tends to behave like very little information. The scientific method can be enriched by computer mining in immense databases, but not replaced by it.

***Paper***: ***Causal discovery in heavy-tailed models***

Causal questions are omnipresent in many scientific problems. While much progress has been made in the analysis of causal relationships between random variables, these methods are not well suited if the causal mechanisms manifest themselves only in extremes. This work aims to connect the two fields of causal inference and extreme value theory. We define the causal tail coefficient that captures asymmetries in the extremal dependence of two random variables. In the population case, the causal tail coefficient is shown to reveal the causal structure if the distribution follows a linear structural causal model. This holds even in the presence of latent common causes that have the same tail index as the observed variables. Based on a consistent estimator of the causal tail coefficient, we propose a computationally highly efficient algorithm that infers causal structure from finitely many data. We prove that our method consistently estimates the causal order and compare it to other well-established and non-extremal approaches in causal discovery on synthetic data. The code is available as an open-access R package on Github.

***Paper***: ***Forward-Selected Panel Data Approach for Program Evaluation***

Policy evaluation is central to economic data analysis, but economists mostly work with observational data in view of limited opportunities to carry out controlled experiments. In the potential outcome framework, the panel data approach (Hsiao, Ching and Wan, 2012) constructs the counterfactual by exploiting the correlation between cross-sectional units in panel data. The choice of cross-sectional control units, a key step in their implementation, is nevertheless unresolved in data-rich environment when many possible controls are at the researcher’s disposal. We propose the forward selection method to choose control units, and establish validity of post-selection inference. Our asymptotic framework allows the number of possible controls to grow much faster than the time dimension. The easy-to-implement algorithms and their theoretical guarantee extend the panel data approach to big data settings. Monte Carlo simulations are conducted to demonstrate the finite sample performance of the proposed method. Two empirical examples illustrate the usefulness of our procedure when many controls are available in real-world applications.

***Paper***: ***Higher-Order Visualization of Causal Structures in Dynamics Graphs***

Graph drawing and visualisation techniques are important tools for the exploratory analysis of complex systems. While these methods are regularly applied to visualise data on complex networks, we increasingly have access to time series data that can be modelled as temporal networks or dynamic graphs. In such dynamic graphs, the temporal ordering of time-stamped edges determines the causal topology of a system, i.e. which nodes can directly and indirectly influence each other via a so-called causal path. While this causal topology is crucial to understand dynamical processes, the role of nodes, or cluster structures, we lack graph drawing techniques that incorporate this information into static visualisations. Addressing this gap, we present a novel dynamic graph drawing algorithm that utilises higher-order graphical models of causal paths in time series data to compute time-aware static graph visualisations. These visualisations combine the simplicity of static graphs with a time-aware layout algorithm that highlights patterns in the causal topology that result from the temporal dynamics of edges.

***Paper***: ***The Partial Response Network***

We propose a method to open the black box of the Multi-Layer Perceptron by inferring from it a simpler and generally more accurate general additive model. The resulting model comprises non-linear univariate and bivariate partial responses derived from the original Multi-Layer Perceptron. The responses are combined using the Lasso and further optimised within a modular structure. The approach is generic and provides a constructive framework to simplify and explain the Multi-Layer Perceptron for any data set, opening the door for validation against prior knowledge. Experimental results on benchmarking datasets indicate that the partial responses are intuitive to interpret and the Area Under the Curve is competitive with Gradient Boosting, Support Vector Machines and Random Forests. The performance improvement compared with a fully connected Multi-Layer Perceptron is attributed to reduced confounding in the second stage of optimisation of the weights. The main limitation of the method is that it explicitly models only up to pairwise interactions. For many practical applications this will be optimal, but where that is not the case then this will be indicated by the performance difference compared to the original model. The streamlined model simultaneously interprets and optimises this frequently used flexible model.

***R Library***: ***The Hellinger Correlation*** (HellCor)

### Like this:

Like Loading...
