---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Using parallelization, multiple git repositories and setting permissions when automating R applications with Jenkins
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/Zc3PKkQ4s6M/
date:      2019-08-10
author:      Jozef&#039;s Rblog
tags:
    - situations
    - store modeling parameters
    - stored
    - unintended
    - consequences
---

In certain situations, we may need to clone not just the main repository that is subject to our multibranch pipeline, but also secondary repositories.

> 
An example of such setup is when we store modeling parameters for our run in a separate repository, or when configurations governing the runs are stored in a separate repository.


The `git` directive allows us to clone another repository. Note that if you need to use credentials for the process, those are configured in Jenkins’ credential configuration.

```
stage('Clone another repository') {
steps {
git branch: 'master',
credentialsId: 'my-credential-id',
url: '[email protected]:user/repo.git'
}
}
```

## Cloning into a separate subdirectory

Note however this will clone the repository into the current working directory, where the main repository subject to the pipeline is likely already checked out. This may have unintended consequences, so a safer approach is to checkout the secondary repository into a separate directory. We can achieve this using the `dir` directive:

```
stage('Clone another repository to subdir') {
steps {
sh 'rm subdir -rf; mkdir subdir'
dir ('subdir') {
git branch: 'master',
credentialsId: 'my-credential-id',
url: '[email protected]:user/repo.git'
}
}
```

## Cleaning up

After the pipeline is done, it may be useful do perform cleanup steps, for example removing unneeded directories. Since we likely want to clean those up regardless of the pipeline results, we can take advantage of the `post` directive running `always`, which will be executed regardless of the outcome of the pipeline stages.

One example use is to remove the hidden `.git` directories from both the working directory, where the main repository is checked out and the `"subdir"`, where we checked out the secondary repository:

```
post {
always {
sh 'rm .git -rf'
sh 'rm subdir/.git -rf'
}
}
```
