---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      R Journal July Issue
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/CpGUdupCpnI/
date:      2019-08-27
author:      matloff
tags:
    - issues
    - articles
    - reviewers
    - tex file
    - contributed
---



[This article was first published on ** Mad (Data) Scientist**, and kindly contributed to R-bloggers]. (You can report issue about the content on this page here)
Want to share your content on R-bloggers? click here if you have a blog, or here if you don't.



As the current Editor-in-Chief of the *R Journal*, I must apologize for the delay in getting the July issue online, due to technical and other matters. In the meantime, though, please take a look at the many interesting articles slated for publication in this and upcoming issues.

Various improvements in technical documentation, as well as the pending hire of the journal’s first-ever editorial assistant, should shorten the review and publication processes in the future.

By the way, I’ve made a couple of tweaks to the Instructions for Authors. First, I note that the journal’s production software really does require following the instructions carefully. For instance, the **\author** field in your **.tex** file must start with “by” in order to work properly; it’s not merely a matter of, say, aesthetics. And your submission package must not have more than one **.bib** file or more than one .**tex** file other than **RJwrapper.tex**.

Finally, a reminder to those whom we ask to review article submissions: Your service would be greatly appreciated, a valuable contribution to R. If you must decline, though, please respond to our e-mail query, stating so, so that we may quickly search for other possible reviewers.


*Related*






---
