---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Let’s get it right
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/08/07/lets-get-it-right-55/
date:      2019-08-07
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - ethically
    - ethics
    - articles
    - humans
    - data
---

***Article***: ***AI Often Adds To Bias In Recruiting – But There’s A New Approach That Could Change The Game***

Most people aren’t trying to be biased, but bias is inherent – it influences how we view any situation, often unconsciously. When you think of bias, characteristics like race, gender, and religion likely come to mind. But there’s a much broader context of what bias can actually be. Bias comes in many forms. For example, the halo effect occurs when we assume that our initial impression of someone means something about his or her character. The halo effect can lead us to believe, without evidence, that someone who is warm and likable when you meet them is also intelligent and capable. Similarity bias is our implicit affinity toward those similar to us. In our flawed minds, relatable traits are positive traits – even when they really aren’t. Is someone who grew up 15 minutes from you, or someone who is also a soccer fan, really more likely to be a better team member? These types of biases present a big problem in recruiting and hiring. And not just in human recruiters. When you consider that recruiting software – both AI and traditional – mirrors human tendencies, you realize that bias affects every part of the recruiting process, from in-person interviews to resume-scanning software.

***Article***: ***AI Safety and Social Data Science***

Social Data Science is a new exciting area of study. This month there was no Wikipedia page on the topic and indeed very few articles on Medium (only one specifically mentioning the topic). I wrote an article on this topic called Towards Social Data Science. There are a few institutions that have begun educating students on master’s level in Social Data Science including (Oxford, LSE and University of Copenhagen). For this article I will focus on the University of Copenhagen considering the possibility of contributing to the field of AI Safety with the combined academic staff present at the University of Copenhagen focused on security issues together with the students attending the master’s course in Social Data Science.

***Article***: ***The Legal and Ethical Challenges of Using Commercial Genealogical Data in Court***

Meet your genes’ reads the big white print on the 23andMe website, contrasted by vibrant colors making it difficult to scroll away. The webpage is aesthetic and engaging, inviting potential customers to explore the company’s service options. For just $199 and a swab of saliva, one can learn almost everything about their ancestry and genetic wellbeing thereby facilitating family reunions and preventative health treatments. The website exudes simplicity, ease, and innovation – but at what cost?

***Article***: ***The Metamorphosis***

AI will bring many wonders. It may also destabilize everything from nuclear détente to human friendships. We need to think much harder about how to adapt.

***Article***: ***Humans versus technology***

For the past decade, advancements in technology have disrupted what seems like most facets of the human experience. And with what feels like monthly advances in technology, it’s no surprise the retail industry is accelerating globally in innovation and experimentation. According to Gartner, worldwide retail-tech spending will increase by 3.6 per cent to $203.6 billion in 2019, surpassing the technology spending of most other industries.

***Article***: ***Ethically Aligned Design – A Vision for Prioritizing Human Well-being with Autonomous and Intelligent Systems***

As someone involved in the study and deployment of systems using machine intelligence in society, Ethically Aligned Design, First Edition, provides an essential contribution to the discussion and practice of designing systems that more coherently integrate with society and in ethical ways. This work aligns with my work at the MIT Media Lab and the Harvard Law School, and I look forward to continuing our collaboration.’ Joichi Ito, MIT Media Lab. We released Ethically Aligned Design, Version 1 (EADv1) as a Request for Input in December of 2016 and received over two hundred pages of in-depth feedback about the draft. We subsequently released Ethically Aligned Design, Version 2 (EADv2) in December 2017 and received over three hundred pages of in-depth feedback about the draft. Since that time, over one thousand people from the realms of business, academia and policy helped write, edit, and review Ethically Aligned Design, First Edition.

***Article***: ***How To Use Data Science For Social Impact***

Data science is truly an interdisciplinary field. Mathematicians, statisticians, computer scientists, social scientists, database administrators, data engineers, graphic designers, UI experts, journalists, storytellers, researchers, and business administrators are among many individuals involved in the process. As machine learning and AI continue to advance, philosophers and ethicists will hopefully be included in the process as well.

***Paper***: ***What is the Point of Fairness? Disability, AI and The Complexity of Justice***

Work integrating conversations around AI and Disability is vital and valued, particularly when done through a lens of fairness. Yet at the same time, analyzing the ethical implications of AI for disabled people solely through the lens of a singular idea of ‘fairness’ risks reinforcing existing power dynamics, either through reinforcing the position of existing medical gatekeepers, or promoting tools and techniques that benefit otherwise-privileged disabled people while harming those who are rendered outliers in multiple ways. In this paper we present two case studies from within computer vision – a subdiscipline of AI focused on training algorithms that can ‘see’ – of technologies putatively intended to help disabled people but, through failures to consider structural injustices in their design, are likely to result in harms not addressed by a ‘fairness’ framing of ethics. Drawing on disability studies and critical data science, we call on researchers into AI ethics and disability to move beyond simplistic notions of fairness, and towards notions of justice.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
