---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      RcppCCTZ 0.2.6
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/-2QGLNrjhTw/
date:      2019-08-03
author:      Thinking inside the box
tags:
    - version
    - google
    - testing
    - tests
    - plus changes
---






A shiny new release 0.2.6 of RcppCCTZ is now at CRAN.

RcppCCTZ uses Rcpp to bring CCTZ to R. CCTZ is *a C++ library for translating between absolute and civil times using the rules of a time zone*. In fact, it is *two* libraries. One for dealing with *civil time*: human-readable dates and times, and one for converting between between absolute and civil times via time zones. And while CCTZ is made by Google(rs), it is not an official Google product. The RcppCCTZ page has a few usage examples and details. This package was the first CRAN package to use CCTZ; by now at least three others do—using copies in their packages which remains less than ideal.

This version updates to CCTZ release 2.3 from April, plus changes accrued since then. It also switches to tinytest which, among other benefits, permits continued testing of the installed package.

> 
Changes in version 0.2.6 (2019-08-03)


Synchronized with upstream CCTZ release 2.3 plus commits accrued since then (Dirk in #30).


The package now uses tinytest for unit tests (Dirk in #31).




We also have a diff to the previous version thanks to CRANberries. More details are at the RcppCCTZ page; code, issue tickets etc at the GitHub repository.


This post by Dirk Eddelbuettel originated on his Thinking inside the box blog. Please report excessive re-aggregation in third-party for-profit settings.




*Related*







---
