---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      R Packages worth a look
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/08/25/r-packages-worth-a-look-1614/
date:      2019-08-25
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - sequencing
    - sequences
    - files
    - annotation file
    - annotated
---

***Rational Approximations of Fractional Stochastic Partial Differential Equations*** (**rSPDE**)Functions that compute rational approximations of fractional elliptic stochastic partial differential equations. The package also contains functions for common statistical usage of these approximations. The main reference for the methods is Bolin and Kirchner (2019) <arXiv:1711.04333>, which can be generated by the citation function in R.

***Power and Sample Size for Linear Mixed Effect Models*** (**pass.lme**)Power and sample size calculation for testing fixed effect coefficients in multilevel linear mixed effect models with one or more than one independent populations. Laird, Nan M. and Ware, James H. (1982) <doi:10.2307/2529876>.

***Degrees of Freedom Adjustment for Robust Standard Errors*** (**dfadjust**)Computes small-sample degrees of freedom adjustment forheteroskedasticity robust standard errors, and for clustered standard errorsin linear regression. See Imbens and Kolesár (1994)<doi:10.1162/REST_a_00552> for a discussion of these adjustments.

***Virome Sequencing Analysis Result Browser*** (**viromeBrowser**)Experiments in which highly complex virome sequencing data is generated are difficult to visualize and unpack for a person without programming experience. After processing of the raw sequencing data by a next generation sequencing (NGS) processing pipeline the usual output consists of contiguous sequences (contigs) in fasta format and an annotation file linking the contigs to a reference sequence. The virome analysis browser app imports an annotation file and a corresponding fasta file containing the annotated contigs. It facilitates browsing of annotations in multiple files and allows users to select and export specific annotated sequences from the associated fasta files. Various annotation quality thresholds can be set to filter contigs from the annotation files. Further inspection of selected contigs can be done in the form of automatic open reading frame (ORF) detection. Separate contigs and/or separate ORFs can be downloaded in nucleotide or amino acid format for further analysis.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
