---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Fresh from the Python Package Index
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/08/20/fresh-from-the-python-package-index-34/
date:      2019-08-19
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - learning
    - scientific
    - modeling
    - models
    - library
---

• **torchmeta**Dataloaders for meta-learning in Pytorch. A collection of extensions and data-loaders for few-shot learning & meta-learning in [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org ). The package contains popular meta-learning benchmarks, fully compatible with both [`torchvision`](https://…/index.html ) and PyTorch’s [`DataLoader`](https://…/data.html#torch.utils.data.DataLoader ).

• **cluster-over-sampling**Clustering based over-sampling.

• **csdmpy**A python module for importing and exporting CSD model file-format. The `csdmpy` package is a Python support for the core scientific dataset (CSD) model file exchange-format. The package is based on the core scientific dataset (CSD) model which is designed as a building block in the development of a more sophisticated portable scientific dataset file standard. The CSD model is capable of handling a wide variety of scientific datasets both within and across disciplinary fields.

• **fastrank**A set of learning-to-rank algorithms.

• **lisc**Literature Scanner. LISC, or ‘literature scanner’ is a package for collecting and analyzing scientific literature. LISC acts as a wrapper and connector between available APIs, allowing users to collect data from and about scientific articles, and to do analyses on this data, such as performing automated meta-analyses.

• **pylift**Python implementation of uplift modeling.

• **pythonGraph**simple graphics in Python. pythonGraph is a simple graphics package for Python. It’s design is loosely descended from Adagraph and RAPTOR Graph. pythonGraph supports the creation of a graphics window, the display of simple geometric shapes, and simple user interactions using the mouse and keyboard.

• **pytorch-transformers-pvt-nightly**Repository of pre-trained NLP Transformer models: BERT & RoBERTa, GPT & GPT-2, Transformer-XL, XLNet and XLM

• **qubu**A Simple Database Query Builder

• **rl-musician**Composition of music with reinforcement learning.

• **shapeletpy**Time series classification Using Shapelets

• **torch-radiate**Automatic deep learning research report generator

• **torch-stethoscope**Automatic deep learning research report generator

• **yahoo-finance-hdd**Download historical financial data from yahoo finance

• **affnine-deltaleaf**Easy way to create MAP (Undirected Graph)and find shortest path from one Node to another.

• **apai**ML & DL helper library. Helper library built on Tensorflow. Provides utility and helper functions for the machine and deep learning tasks.

• **easyagents-v1**reinforcement learning for practitioners. Use EasyAgents if• you are looking for an easy and simple way to get started with reinforcement learning• you have implemented your own environment and want to experiment with it• you want mix and match different implementations and algorithms

• **ignis**Intuitive library for training neural nets in PyTorch. `ignis` is a high-level library that helps you write compact but full-featured training loops with metrics, early stops, and model checkpoints for deep learning library [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org ).

### Like this:

Like Loading...
