---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      R courses February 2020
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/jdyNVufRwCw/
date:      2019-08-12
author:      Bluecology blog
tags:
    - bluecology
    - blog
    - package
    - report issue
    - cover topics
---



[This article was first published on ** Bluecology blog**, and kindly contributed to R-bloggers]. (You can report issue about the content on this page here)
Want to share your content on R-bloggers? click here if you have a blog, or here if you don't.




Our next series of R courses for professionals and graduate students is now open for registration. The courses include 1-day for absolute beginners, 3 days for intermediate material and 3 days for the advanced class. They are run 18-21 February 2020 at the University of Queensland in St Lucia, Queensland.

The courses are taught by a team of experienced R teachers and programmers. Including Prof David Schoeman (Uni of Sunshine Coast), Prof Anthony Richardson, Dr Bill Venables and myself.

In the beginner and intermediate classes we cover topics from getting start in R, graphing, data wrangling, mapping, multivariate analysis, linear models and GLMs.

The advanced class is run by Bill Venables of MASS package fame and covers topics from advanced modelling to package development and documenting code with markdown.

Last year I taught a new 1-day course on data wrangling and spatial analysis. We will run this again this year. The notes are freely available online, but always better to come and learn them in person.

More information and registration is here


*Related*






---
