---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Distilled News
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/08/21/distilled-news-1169/
date:      2019-08-21
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - machines
    - learning
    - learned
    - humans
    - humanity
---

**Variable selection using LASSO**

This is a Lasso; it is used to pick and capture animals. As a non-native English speaker, my first exposure to this word is in supervised learning. In this LASSO data science tutorial, we discuss the strengths of the Lasso logistic regression by stepping through how to apply this useful statistical method for classification problems in R and how the Lasso can be ‘similarly’ used to pick and select input variables that are relevant to the classification problem at hand.

**Machine Learning Cheat Sheet – Data Processing Techniques**

Outliers affect the distribution. If a value is significantly below the expected range, it will drag the distribution to the left, making the graph left-skewed or negative. Alternatively, if a value is significantly above the expected range, it will drag the distribution to the right, making the graph right-skewed or positive.

**Machine Learning Cheat Sheet – Supervised Learning**

Works best when the data is linear. If the data is not linear, then we may need to transform the data, add features, or use another model. Sensitive to outliers. Outliers contribute too much to the errors, so will impact the model. We may need to determine the outliers and remove them if necessary.

**Introducing Jupytext**

Jupyter notebooks are interactive documents that contain code, narratives, plots. They are an excellent place for experimenting with code and data. Notebooks are easily shared, and the 2.6M notebooks on GitHub just tell how popular notebooks are! Jupyter notebooks are great, but they often are huge files, with a very specific JSON file format. Let us introduce Jupytext, a Jupyter plugin that reads and writes notebooks as plain text files: either Julia, Python, R scripts, Markdown, or R Markdown documents.

**Data: Past, Present, and Future**

Data and data-empowered algorithms now shape our professional, personal, and political realities. This course introduces students both to critical thinking and practice in understanding how we got here, and the future we now are building together as scholars, scientists, and citizens.The intellectual content of the class will comprise• the history of human use of data;• functional literacy in how data are used to reveal insight and support decisions;• critical literacy in investigating how data and data-powered algorithms shape, constrain, and manipulate our commercial, civic, and personal transactions and experiences; and• rhetorical literacy in how exploration and analysis of data have become part of our logic and rhetoric of communication and persuasion, especially including visual rhetoric.While introducing students to recent trends in the computational exploration of data, the course will survey the key concepts of ‘small data’ statistics.

**Plato Research Dialogue System**

The Plato Research Dialogue System is a flexible framework that can be used to create, train, and evaluate conversational AI agents in various environments. It supports interactions through speech, text, or dialogue acts and each conversational agent can interact with data, human users, or other conversational agents (in a multi-agent setting). Every component of every agent can be trained independently online or offline and Plato provides an easy way of wrapping around virtually any existing model, as long as Plato’s interface is adhered to.

**Faster R-CNN (object detection) implemented by Keras for custom data from Google’s Open Images Dataset V4**

After exploring CNN for a while, I decided to try another crucial area in Computer Vision, object detection. There are several methods popular in this area, including Faster R-CNN, RetinaNet, YOLOv3, SSD and etc. I tried Faster R-CNN in this article. Here, I want to summarise what I have learned and maybe give you a little inspiration if you are interested in this topic.

**The Age of Hyper-Personalization and AI**

When people spoke about personalization, all they meant was that a mail was introduced with a person’s name (‘Dear Franck…’) rather than an anonymous greeting (‘Dear Sir or Madam’). Heidi Unruh, Global VP Content Marketing at e-Spirit, said ‘Today, consumers are bombarded with countless advertising and marketing messages, making it more and more difficult for brands to engage with the customer. Artificial Intelligence might be a solution to this issue.’ (source) Indeed, hyper-personalization will become an important trend in the world of AI. Once again, data is central to making this happen. The more data there is available, the more relevant information and products become. This evolution means the end of the road for the marketing approach of segmentation. Segmentation divides the market into a number of groups with similar needs. This allows the marketeer to match both communication and product characteristics to the needs of each different segment. Based on this approach, marketing teams assume a high degree of homogeneity within and between segments.

**New design advances optical neural networks that compute at the speed of light using engineered matter**

Diffractive deep neural network is an optical machine learning framework that uses diffractive surfaces and engineered matter to all optically perform computation. After its design and training in a computer using modern deep learning methods, each network is physically fabricated, using for example 3-D printing or lithography, to engineer the trained network model into matter. This 3-D structure of engineered matter is composed of transmissive and/or reflective surfaces that altogether perform machine learning tasks through light-matter interaction and optical diffraction, at the speed of light, and without the need for any power, except for the light that illuminates the input object. This is especially significant for recognizing target objects much faster and with significantly less power compared to standard computer based machine learning systems, and might provide major advantages for autonomous vehicles and various defense related applications, among others. Introduced by UCLA researchers , this framework was experimentally validated for object classification and imaging, providing a scalable and energy efficient optical computation framework. In following research, UCLA engineers further improved the inference performance of diffractive optical neural networks by integrating them with standard digital deep neural networks, forming hybrid machine learning models that perform computation partially using light diffraction through matter and partially using a computer .

**AWS EC2 Tutorial For Beginners**

Learn about some of the advantages of using Amazon Web Services Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2). Then, the first part of the tutorial covers how to launch and connect to Windows virtual machines or instances on EC2. The next part goes over how to setup a basic data science environment (install R, RStudio, and Python) on the instance.

**Hybrid Intelligence**

Humans are the natural maker; we enjoy the freedom of making things. However, in the context of automation, machines challenge humans’ role in fabrication. It wastes the human’s unique skills and makes people disconnect to real-world materials. To address this issue, researchers proposed the hybrid workflow, which starts from studying how humans work and combining both human and machine specialties in the fabrication process. It allows us to maintain craftsmanship and input more humanity into digital crafts. The Hybrid fabrication values humans’ muscle memory and tactile skill in crafting process. What if we extend the hybrid idea for intangible processes, like creativity? Can machines work beyond assistant but also act as a creative partner? Can we create ‘Hybrid intelligence,’ which combining machine and human intelligence to create works that either could not do on its own?

**Top 6 Expert Tips To Create A Highly Functional Chatbot**

Are you considering creating a chatbot for your company’s website? But aren’t sure where to start. Well, you are not alone. Presently, almost every business wants to integrate a chatbot in their system to deliver better customer service and support. And thus, everybody wants to know how to create a chatbot for their business, which fulfills its needs and delivers its brands persona in the market. So, more people are having questions about the best ways to approach creating a chatbot from scratch in order to cut out the third party involvement and do it themselves.

**A Brief Introduction to Change Point Detection using Python**

A lot of my work heavily involves time series analysis. One of the great but lesser-known algorithms that I use is change point detection. Change point detection (or CPD) detects abrupt shifts in time series trends (i.e. shifts in a time series’ instantaneous velocity), that can be easily identified via the human eye, but are harder to pinpoint using traditional statistical approaches. CPD is applicable across an array of industries, including finance, manufacturing quality control, energy, medical diagnostics, and human activity analysis.

**Outlier Detection in Power BI using Funnel Plot**

This article is about identifying outliers through funnel plots using the Microsoft Power BI (Visualization tool). Before we move on let’s see what is an outlier and why is it important to identify them. Outliers are those data points that lie outside the overall pattern of distribution & the easiest way to detect outliers is though graphs. Box plots, Scatter plots can help detect them easily.

**Feature Engineering and Algorithm Accuracy for the Titanic Dataset**

One of the most popular dataset for Machine Learning correspond to the Titanic accident Here we are playing with features within this dataset, trying to discover the effect of the choice of differente features in the accuracy of some basic ML algorithms.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
