---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      RQuantLib 0.4.10： Pure maintenance
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/lrbSh9mp23w/
date:      2019-08-07
author:      Thinking inside the box
tags:
    - rquantlib
    - sets
    - settings
    - mailing
    - new version
---






A new version 0.4.10 of RQuantLib just got onto CRAN; a Debian upload will follow in due course.

QuantLib is a very comprehensice *free/open-source* library for quantitative finance; RQuantLib connects it to the R environment and language.

This version does two things related to the new upstream QuantLib release 1.16. First, it updates the Windows build script in two ways: it uses binaries for the brand new 1.16 release as prepapred by Jeroen, and it sets win-builder up for the current and “prospective next version”, also set up by Jeroen. I also updated the Dockerfile used for CI to pick QuantLib 1.16 from Debian’s unstable repo as it is too new to have moved to testing (which the `r-base` container we build on defaults to). The complete set of changes is listed below:

#### Changes in RQuantLib version 0.4.10 (2019-08-07)


Changes in RQuantLib build system:


The `src/Makevars.win` and `tools/winlibs.R` file get QuantLib 1.16 for either toolchain (Jeroes in #136).


The custom Docker container now downloads QuantLib from Debian unstable to get release 1.16 (from yesterday, no less)


Courtesy of CRANberries, there is also a diffstat report for the this release. As always, more detailed information is on the RQuantLib page. Questions, comments etc should go to the new rquantlib-devel mailing list. Issue tickets can be filed at the GitHub repo.


This post by Dirk Eddelbuettel originated on his Thinking inside the box blog. Please report excessive re-aggregation in third-party for-profit settings.




*Related*






---
