---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      R Packages worth a look
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/08/23/r-packages-worth-a-look-1611/
date:      2019-08-23
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - functions
    - functionality
    - data
    - read
    - format
---

***Larger-than-RAM Disk-Based Data Manipulation Framework*** (**disk.frame**)A disk-based data manipulation tool for working with arbitrarily large datasets as long as they fit on disk.

***Cross-Entropy Optimisation of Noisy Functions*** (**noisyCE2**)Cross-Entropy optimisation of unconstrained deterministic and noisy functions illustrated in Rubinstein and Kroese (2004, ISBN: 978-1-4419-1940-3) through a highly flexible and customisable function which allows user to define custom variable domains, sampling distributions, updating and smoothing rules, and stopping criteria. Several built-in methods and settings make the package very easy-to-use under standard optimisation problems.

***Read Tabular Data from Diverse Sources and Easily Make Them Tidy*** (**tidycells**)Provides utilities to read, cells from complex tabular data and heuristic detection based ‘structural assignment’ of those cells to a columnar or tidy format. Read functionality has the ability to read structured, partially structured or unstructured tabular data from various types of documents. The ‘structural assignment’ functionality has both supervised and unsupervised way of assigning cells data to columnar/tidy format. Multiple disconnected blocks of tables in a single sheet are also handled appropriately. These tools are suitable for unattended conversation of messy tables into a consumable format(usable for further analysis and data wrangling).

***Nonparametric Item Response Theory*** (**KernSmoothIRT**)Fits nonparametric item and option characteristic curves using kernel smoothing. It allows for optimal selection of the smoothing bandwidth using cross-validation and a variety of exploratory plotting tools. The kernel smoothing is based on methods described in Silverman, B.W. (1986). Density Estimation for Statistics and Data Analysis. Chapman & Hall, London.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
