---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Data Driven Government – Speakers Highlights
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/kdnuggets-data-mining-analytics/~3/vD_jss1zWe0/paw-data-driven-government-speakers-highlights.html
date:      2019-08-15
author:      Matt Mayo Editor
tags:
    - graviss
    - security
    - analysis
    - border
    - cbp
---

On July 23, 2018, Matthew Graviss joined the USCIS Senior Executive Service as the chief data officer within the Office of Performance and Quality, Management Directorate. 

In November 2016, Dr. Graviss began serving as the Transportation Security Administration’s (TSA) director of security threat assessment operations, which annually adjudicates more than 800,000 applications for TSA’s 30+ credential and benefit programs. He also led agency-wide initiatives to refocus and realign risk analysis capabilities in TSA, and developed and coordinated the TSA Biometrics Strategy for aviation security and the passenger experience. 

In 2011, Dr. Graviss accepted a position with the CBP Office of Acquisition to lead CBP’s testing and evaluation (T&E) of land border surveillance technology and to provide data analysis services for CBP acquisition programs. In 2012, Dr. Graviss became the director of the Systems Analysis and Evaluation Division, which translates CBP officer and agent needs into technical requirements and evaluates border surveillance technologies offered by industry to advance DHS’s border security mission. 

Dr. Graviss graduated from Auburn University and holds a master’s degree in mechanical engineering from Texas A&M University, and a Ph.D. in systems engineering from the George Washington University. He is a DHS Level 3 certified acquisition professional in program management, systems engineering, and T&E, and is a graduate of the DHS Senior Executive Service’s Candidate Development Program.
