---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      R Packages worth a look
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/08/25/r-packages-worth-a-look-1615/
date:      2019-08-25
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - models
    - methods
    - paths
    - binary
    - functions
---

***Generalized Path Analysis for Social Networks*** (**gretel**)The social network literature features numerous methods for assigning value to paths as a function of their ties. ‘gretel’ systemizes these approaches, casting them as instances of a generalized path value function indexed by a penalty parameter. The package also calculates probabilistic path value and identifies optimal paths in either value framework. Finally, proximity matrices can be generated in these frameworks that capture high-order connections overlooked in primitive adjacency sociomatrices. Novel methods are described in Buch (2019) <https://…/analyzing-networks-with-gretel.html>. More traditional methods are also implemented, as described in Yang, Knoke (2001) <doi:10.1016/S0378-8733(01)00043-0>.

***Coclustering Adjusted Rand Index and Bikm1 Procedure for Contingency and Binary Data-Sets*** (**bikm1**)Coclustering of the rows and columns of a contingency or binary matrix, or double binary matrices and model selection for the number of row and column clusters. Three models are considered: the Poisson latent block model for contingency matrix, the binary latent block model for binary matrix and a new model we develop: the multiple latent block model for double binary matrices. A new procedure named bikm1 is implemented to investigate more efficiently the grid of numbers of clusters. Then, the studied model selection criteria are the integrated completed likelihood (ICL) and the Bayesian integrated likelihood (BIC). Finally, the coclustering adjusted Rand index (CARI) to measure agreement between coclustering partitions is implemented. Robert Valerie and Vasseur Yann (2017) <arXiv:1705.06760>.

***Semi-Supervised Regression Methods*** (**ssr**)An implementation of semi-supervised regression methods including self-learning and co-training by committee based on Hady, M. F. A., Schwenker, F., & Palm, G. (2009) <doi:10.1007/978-3-642-04274-4_13>. Users can define which set of regressors to use as base models from the ‘caret’ package, other packages, or custom functions.

***Planning and Analysing Survival Studies under Non-Proportional Hazards*** (**nph**)Piecewise constant hazard functions are used to flexibly model survival distributions with non-proportional hazards and to simulate data from the specified distributions. Also, a function to calculate weighted log-rank tests for the comparison of two hazard functions is included. Finally, a function to calculate a test using the maximum of a set of test statistics from weighted log-rank tests is provided. This test utilizes the asymptotic multivariate normal joint distribution of the separate test statistics. The correlation is estimated from the data.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
