---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      #23： Debugging with Docker and Rocker – A Concrete Example helping on macOS
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/t1W56jAFWo0/
date:      2019-08-06
author:      Thinking inside the box
tags:
    - docker
    - step
    - roger
    - package
    - mini
---






Welcome to the 23nd post in the *rationally reasonable R rants* series, or *R*4 for short. Today’s post was motivated by an exchange on the r-devel list earlier in the day, and a few subsequent off-list emails.

Roger Koenker posted a question: how to best debug an issue arising only with `gfortran-9` which is difficult to get hold off on his macOS development platform. Some people followed up, and I mentioned that I had good success using Docker, and particularly our Rocker containers—and outlined a quick mini-tutorial (which had one mini-typo lacking the imporant slash in `-w /work`). Roger and I followed up over a few more off-list emails, and by and large this worked for him.

So what follows below is a jointly written / edited ‘mini HOWTO’ of how to deploy Docker on macOS for debugging under particular toolchains more easily available on Linux. Windows and Linux use should be very similar, albeit differ in the initial install. In fact, I frequently debug or test in Docker sessions when I do not want to install on my Linux host system. Roger sent one version (I had also edited) back to the list. What follows is my final version.

### Debugging with Docker: Getting Hold of Particular Compilers

*Context: The quantreg package was seen exhibiting errors when compiled with `gfortran-9`. The following shows how to use `gfortran-9` on macOS by virtue of Docker. It is written in Roger Koenker’s voice, but authored by Roger and myself.*

With extensive help from Dirk Eddelbuettel I have installed docker on my mac mini from

```
https://hub.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-desktop-mac
```

which installs from a dmg in quite standard fashion. This has allowed me to simulate running R in a Debian environment with gfortran-9 and begin the process of debugging my ancient `rqbr.f` code.

Some further details:

#### Step 0: Install Docker and Test

Install Docker for macOS following this Docker guide. Do some initial testing, e.g.

#### Step 1: Download `r-base` and test OS

We use the plainest Rocker container `rocker/r-base`, in the aliased form of the official Docker container for, *i.e.* `r-base`. We first ‘pull’, then test the version and drop into bash as second test.

#### Step 2: Setup the working directory

We tell Docker to run from the current directory and access the files therein. For the work on quantreg package this is `projects/rq` for RogerL

This put the contents of `projects/rq` into the `/work` directory, and starts the session in `/work` (as can be seen from the prompt).

Next, we update the package information inside the container:

#### Step 3: Install gcc-9 and gfortran-9

Here filenames and versions reflect the Debian repositories as of today, August 5, 2019. While minor details may change at a future point in time, the key fact is that we get the components we desire *via a single call* as the Debian system has a well-honed package system

#### Step 4: Prepare Package

At this point Roger removed some dependencies from the package quantreg that he knew were not relevant to the debugging problem at hand.

#### Step 5: Set Compiler Flags

Next, set compiler flags as follows:

adding the values

```
CC=gcc-9
FC=gfortran-9
F77=gfortran-9
```

to the file. Alternatively, one can find the settings of `CC`, `FC`, `CXX`, … in `/etc/R/Makeconf` (which for the Debian package is a softlink to R’s actual `Makeconf`) and alter them there.

#### Step 6: Install the Source Package

Now run

which uses the `gfortran-9` compiler, and this version did reproduce the error initially reported by the CRAN maintainers.

#### Step 7: Debug!

With the tools in place, and the bug reproduces, it is (just!) a matter of finding the bug and fixing it.

And that concludes the tutorial.


This post by Dirk Eddelbuettel originated on his Thinking inside the box blog. Please report excessive re-aggregation in third-party for-profit settings.




*Related*






---
