---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      R Packages worth a look
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/08/24/r-packages-worth-a-look-1613/
date:      2019-08-24
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - tests
    - models
    - bigutilsr
    - series
    - item
---

***Peak Functions for Peak Detection in Univariate Time Series*** (**scorepeak**)Provides peak functions, which enable us to detect peaks in time series. The methods implemented in this package are based on Girish Keshav Palshikar (2009) <https://…ms_for_Peak_Detection_in_Time-Series>. 

***Utility Functions for Large-scale Data*** (**bigutilsr**)Utility functions for large-scale data. For now, package ‘bigutilsr’ mainly includes functions for outlier detection.

***Bootstrap Tests for Equality of 2, 3, or 4 Population Variances*** (**testequavar**)Tests the hypothesis that variances are homogeneous or not using bootstrap. The procedure uses a variance-based statistic, and is derived from a normal-theory test. The test equivalently expressed the hypothesis as a function of the log contrasts of the population variances. A box-type acceptance region is constructed to test the hypothesis. See Cahoy (2010) <doi:10.1016/j.csda.2010.04.012>.

***Item Response Theory Models*** (**Rirt**)Parameter estimation, computation of probability, information, and (log-)likelihood, and visualization of item/test characteristic curves and item/test information functions for three uni-dimensional item response theory models: the 3-parameter-logistic model, generalized partial credit model, and graded response model. The full documentation and tutorials are at <https://…/Rirt>. 

### Like this:

Like Loading...
