---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      R Packages worth a look
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/08/29/r-packages-worth-a-look-1618/
date:      2019-08-29
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - programming algorithm
    - rules
    - sirus
    - based
    - package
---

***Generalized Odds Ratios*** (**genodds**)Calculates Agresti’s (1980) <https://…/2530495> generalized odds ratios. For a randomly selected pair of observations from two groups, calculates the odds that the second group will have a higher scoring outcome than that of the first group. Package provides hypothesis testing for if this odds ratio is significantly different to 1 (equal chance).

***Segmentation using Optimal Partitioning and Function Pruning*** (**fpop**)A dynamic programming algorithm for the fast segmentation of univariate signals into piecewise constant profiles. The ‘fpop’ package is a wrapper to a C++ implementation of the fpop (Functional Pruning Optimal Partioning) algorithm described in Maidstone et al. 2017 <doi:10.1007/s11222-016-9636-3>. The problem of detecting changepoints in an univariate sequence is formulated in terms of minimising the mean squared error over segmentations. The fpop algorithm exactly minimizes the mean squared error for a penalty linear in the number of changepoints.

***Estimation of Bivariate Quantiles*** (**bivquant**)Computation of bivariate quantiles via linear programming based on a novel direction-based approach using the cumulative distribution function.

***Stable and Interpretable RUle Set (SIRUS)*** (**sirus**)A classification algorithm based on random forests, which takes the form of a short list of rules. SIRUS combines the simplicity of decision trees with the predictivity of random forests for problems with low order interactions. The core aggregation principle of random forests is kept, but instead of aggregating predictions, SIRUS selects the most frequent nodes of the forest to form a stable rule ensemble model. The algorithm is fully described in the following article: Benard C., Biau G., da Veiga S., Scornet E. (2019) <arXiv:1908.06852>. This R package is a fork from the project ranger (<https://…/ranger> ).

### Like this:

Like Loading...
