---
layout:     post
title:      Gender bias in DePaul University tenure decisions
subtitle:   转载自：https://datascopeanalytics.com/blog/gender-bias-in-depaul-university-tenure-decisions/
date:       2009-11-13
author:     Mike Stringer
header-img: img/background2.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - article published earlier
    - depaul
    - university
    - accepted
    - tenure
---


An
article published earlier this month in the Chicago Tribune
discusses the recent concern about possible gender discrimination in
the tenure review process of Depaul University. I think this is an
important issue in science and engineering at least, the
difficulty faced by females in academia is
apparent. However, the numbers given by the
women's attorney do not suggest on their own
that gender discrimination is present. 


 The probabilities of the number of females denied tenure in the case that there is no gender discrimination. 

 According to the report, the attorney gave the following numbers as evidence of discrimination: there were 33 faculty up for tenure, 18 males and 15 females. Of the 7 faculty members denied tenure, 5 were women. I simulated a case where 7 people are denied tenure and all of the candidates have an equal chance of getting tenure; that is, there is no gender bias. The simulations show that the probability of at least 5 women being denied tenure is 13 percent. 

 This result suggests that the number of women denied tenure is not [statistically significant](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Statistical_significance) at any commonly accepted level. Of course, this does not mean that there is not gender bias in the tenure review process at DePaul University. However, it is a clear case where the attorney (or perhaps the reporter) should not imply that these numbers are positive evidence for the presence of gender discrimintation at DePaul University. 
