---
layout:     post
title:      Topological Data Analysis - Persistent Homology
subtitle:   转载自：http://outlace.com/TDApart1.html
date:       2017-02-22
author:     Brandon Brown
header-img: img/background0.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - sets
    - abstract set
    - tau
    - possible unions
    - ordinary
---

Okay so what the hell does that even mean and who cares? Let's give a really simple example.
So let's just make up an abstract set of objects that happen to be some of the English alphabet letters. Here's our set, $X = \{a,b,c\}$. So we have a collection of 3 distinct objects and we want to define a topology on that set. Our topology τ (tau) is simply going to be a set of sets, it's a collection of subsets from X that satisfy the axioms of topology.

Let's give it a try, maybe our topology τ should be this: $\{\{a\},\{b\},\{c\}\}$. So our topology τ is a collection of single element subsets from X. Notice the difference in notation. If I had simply written $\tau = \{a,b,c\}$ that would merely be the same as $X$, just an ordinary set with 3 elements. No, $\tau$ is a set whose elements are also sets (even if those sets contain one element).

Ok, anyway, does our $\tau$ satisfy the axioms? Does the empty set and $X$ itself belong to $\tau$? Uh no. The empty set is $\{\}$ (or $\emptyset$) and $X$ itself is $\{a,b,c\}$, our $\tau$ did not have those two sets as members, so already our attempted topology failed. Let's try again. How about $\tau = \{\emptyset,\{a\},\{b\},\{c\}, \{a,b,c\}\}$. Now at least this τ satisfies the first axiom. The second axiom is less obvious, but take for example the union of $\{a\}$ and $\{b\}$, which yields $\{a,b\}$. Is $\{a,b\}$ in $\tau$? No it's not, so this attempted topology also fails.

Alright here's a legitimate topology on $X$... $\tau = \{\emptyset, \{a\}, \{a,b,c\}\}$. It satisfies the first axiom, it has the empty set $\{\}$ and the full $X$ set as members of $\tau$, and if you take the union of any combination of members of $\tau$, the resulting set is also a member of $\tau$.

For example,
$ \{ \} \cup \{ a \} = \{ a \} $ (read: the empty set union the set $\{a\}$ produces the set $\{a\}$). Obviously the union of the empty set and $\{a\}$ must produce $\{a\}$ which is in $\tau$. We must verify for all possible unions and intersections that the results are still in $\tau$.

$ \{a\} \cup \{a,b,c\} = \{a,b,c\} $, which is also in $\tau$.
$ \{a\} \cap \{a,b,c\} = \{a\}$, which is also in $\tau$.

Hence, the union or intersection of any elements in $\tau$ is also in $\tau$, thus we have ourselves a valid topology on $X$.

I know this all seems rather academic at this point, but keep with me and we will eventually get to a point of using this new knowledge for practical purposes.
