---
layout:     post
title:      The persistence of underdogs, part 2
subtitle:   转载自：https://datascopeanalytics.com/blog/the-persistence-of-underdogs-part-2/
date:       2011-03-26
author:     Dean Malmgren
header-img: img/background2.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - leonardo
    - aranda diagram
    - improvements make
    - aggregates
    - seeds
---


Based on our
critique
of Leonardo
Aranda's diagram we set out to create our own diagram that
was more useful for the purpose of describing the progression of
different seeds throughout the NCAA basketball tournament. A quick search
revealed a
helpful script by Matthew Beckler that parses
data from 1985 to
2010. A little analysis and a
quick [PyGrace](http://pygrace.github.io/) script
later, and "Voilà!", we have our first version of a diagram that
shows the fraction of times that each seed appears in a particular
round of the tournament.



Importantly, this diagram aggregates all of the regions into the
same analysis — the only thing that makes sense in this case
— and it preserves the height between subsequent rounds so one
can quantitatively compare successive rounds. These improvements
make it obvious, for instance, that the 1-seeds win the tournament
over half of the time and that a 5-seed has never won the tournament.



In our quick first pass, we chose to use
a [diverging color scheme](http://colorbrewer2.org/.) to
illustrate the differences between 9-16 seeds (shades of purple) and
1-8 seeds (shades of orange). Although this does a good job of
highlighting how long 9-16 seeds persist in the tournament, one
could imagine improving the color scheme to further illustrate how
long other underdogs persist. For example, if the seeding were
perfect, there should be no 9-16 seeds after the First Round, no 5-8
seeds after the Second round, etc.; this could be made more
obvious by a well-chosen color scheme.



Another thing that we find unsettling is that this diagram is too
“orthogonal” (to put it nicely, perhaps
“fugly” is more candid). This makes the visualization
difficult to follow, geeky, and consequently a little
inaccessible.



Ideas on further ways to improve the diagram are welcome! More to
come in following posts.

