---
layout:     post
title:      The persistence of underdogs
subtitle:   转载自：https://datascopeanalytics.com/blog/the-persistence-of-underdogs/
date:       2011-03-24
author:     Dean Malmgren
header-img: img/background2.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - regions
    - regional
    - seeds
    - upper
    - rounds
---


In the process of discussing the NCAA baskbetball tournament last week,
we stumbled
on a
diagram by Leonardo
Aranda that was featured on the
[Good](http://good.is/.) blog before the 2010
tournament. As with many infographics, the first thing we noticed
was that it is aesthetically stunning. However, knowing that
infographics are
often accused
of being just pretty pictures, we thought we would take a closer
look at what the diagram accomplishes. How would someone actually
use this diagram to *learn* something?



Our first thought was that this might be useful for choosing one's
bracket, but after further reflection we realized that there are a
few things about this diagram that make it difficult to use as a
bracket selection tool. First and foremost, the top seed is not
always assigned to the same region (as discussed
on Aranda's
orginal post). As a result, showing the full bracket can lead
one to incorrectly conclude that the "blue" (lower-left) and "pink"
(lower-right) regions are considerably stronger than the "red"
(upper-left) and "green" (upper-right) regions. This fact begs for
the analysis to be aggregated across regions. Secondly, it is
difficult to tell the relative fraction of 14-seeds, for example,
that appear in successive rounds of the tournament. Finally, it is
not obvious how long upsets persist in the tournament. What does
history tell you about picking a 6-seed to the Final Four?



Rather than using this diagram as a “bracket selection
tool,” I think this diagram more effectively accomplishes a
different goal — educating us on the chance of a particular
seed of winning the tourney (or making it to a particular
round). With a quick glance at this diagram, one can understand how
often teams are upset, and how often those upsets persists to the
later rounds. That way, we know that, while picking a three-seed to
win the tourney might not be *that* crazy, picking a
sixteen-seed to go the final four is downright stupid.



That being said, we would like to explore how this visualization
might be improved to accomplish those goals more effectively, while
still retainiing the strengths of the diagram:


It evokes the March Madness tournament by mimicking the
bracket's iconic regional layout.
It showcases the frequency with which various seeds from
different regions win the tournament
It effectively uses color to showcase frequency of champions
from different regions.
It illustrates the frequency with which different seeds appear
during each round of the tournament.


As always, additional comments are welcome and encouraged! Stay
tuned for our attempt at creating a similar diagram...

