---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Whats new on arXiv
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/06/30/whats-new-on-arxiv-1026/
date:      2019-06-29
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - learning
    - models
    - modeling
    - knowledge
    - environment learned
---

**Hierarchical Soft Actor-Critic: Adversarial Exploration via Mutual Information Optimization**

We describe a novel extension of soft actor-critics for hierarchical Deep Q-Networks (HDQN) architectures using mutual information metric. The proposed extension provides a suitable framework for encouraging explorations in such hierarchical networks. A natural utilization of this framework is an adversarial setting, where meta-controller and controller play minimax over the mutual information objective but cooperate on maximizing expected rewards.

**CheckNet: Secure Inference on Untrusted Devices**

We introduce CheckNet, a method for secure inference with deep neural networks on untrusted devices. CheckNet is like a checksum for neural network inference: it verifies the integrity of the inference computation performed by untrusted devices to 1) ensure the inference has actually been performed, and 2) ensure the inference has not been manipulated by an attacker. CheckNet is completely transparent to the third party running the computation, applicable to all types of neural networks, does not require specialized hardware, adds little overhead, and has negligible impact on model performance. CheckNet can be configured to provide different levels of security depending on application needs and compute/communication budgets. We present both empirical and theoretical validation of CheckNet on multiple popular deep neural network models, showing excellent attack detection (0.88-0.99 AUC) and attack success bounds.

**Hardware Aware Neural Network Architectures using FbNet**

We implement a differentiable Neural Architecture Search (NAS) method inspired by FBNet for discovering neural networks that are heavily optimized for a particular target device. The FBNet NAS method discovers a neural network from a given search space by optimizing over a loss function which accounts for accuracy and target device latency. We extend this loss function by adding an energy term. This will potentially enhance the “hardware awareness’ and help us find a neural network architecture that is optimal in terms of accuracy, latency and energy consumption, given a target device (Raspberry Pi in our case). We name our trained child architecture obtained at the end of search process as Hardware Aware Neural Network Architecture (HANNA). We prove the efficacy of our approach by benchmarking HANNA against two other state-of-the-art neural networks designed for mobile/embedded applications, namely MobileNetv2 and CondenseNet for CIFAR-10 dataset. Our results show that HANNA provides a speedup of about 2.5x and 1.7x, and reduces energy consumption by 3.8x and 2x compared to MobileNetv2 and CondenseNet respectively. HANNA is able to provide such significant speedup and energy efficiency benefits over the state-of-the-art baselines at the cost of a tolerable 4-5% drop in accuracy.

**Barack’s Wife Hillary: Using Knowledge-Graphs for Fact-Aware Language Modeling**

Modeling human language requires the ability to not only generate fluent text but also encode factual knowledge. However, traditional language models are only capable of remembering facts seen at training time, and often have difficulty recalling them. To address this, we introduce the knowledge graph language model (KGLM), a neural language model with mechanisms for selecting and copying facts from a knowledge graph that are relevant to the context. These mechanisms enable the model to render information it has never seen before, as well as generate out-of-vocabulary tokens. We also introduce the Linked WikiText-2 dataset, a corpus of annotated text aligned to the Wikidata knowledge graph whose contents (roughly) match the popular WikiText-2 benchmark. In experiments, we demonstrate that the KGLM achieves significantly better performance than a strong baseline language model. We additionally compare different language model’s ability to complete sentences requiring factual knowledge, showing that the KGLM outperforms even very large language models in generating facts.

**Iterative Model-Based Reinforcement Learning Using Simulations in the Differentiable Neural Computer**

We propose a lifelong learning architecture, the Neural Computer Agent (NCA), where a Reinforcement Learning agent is paired with a predictive model of the environment learned by a Differentiable Neural Computer (DNC). The agent and DNC model are trained in conjunction iteratively. The agent improves its policy in simulations generated by the DNC model and rolls out the policy to the live environment, collecting experiences in new portions or tasks of the environment for further learning. Experiments in two synthetic environments show that DNC models can continually learn from pixels alone to simulate new tasks as they are encountered by the agent, while the agents can be successfully trained to solve the tasks using Proximal Policy Optimization entirely in simulations.

**PACMAN: A Planner-Actor-Critic Architecture for Human-Centered Planning and Learning**

Conventional reinforcement learning (RL) allows an agent to learn policies via environmental rewards only, with a long and slow learning curve at the beginning stage. On the contrary, human learning is usually much faster because prior and general knowledge and multiple information resources are utilized. In this paper, we propose a \textbf{P}lanner-\textbf{A}ctor-\textbf{C}ritic architecture for hu\textbf{MAN}-centered planning and learning (\textbf{PACMAN}), where an agent uses its prior, high-level, deterministic symbolic knowledge to plan for goal-directed actions, while integrates Actor-Critic algorithm of RL to fine-tune its behaviors towards both environmental rewards and human feedback. This is the first unified framework where knowledge-based planning, RL, and human teaching jointly contribute to the policy learning of an agent. Our experiments demonstrate that PACMAN leads to a significant jump start at the early stage of learning, converges rapidly and with small variance, and is robust to inconsistent, infrequent and misleading feedback.

**Neurally-Guided Structure Inference**

Most structure inference methods either rely on exhaustive search or are purely data-driven. Exhaustive search robustly infers the structure of arbitrarily complex data, but it is slow. Data-driven methods allow efficient inference, but do not generalize when test data have more complex structures than training data. In this paper, we propose a hybrid inference algorithm, the Neurally-Guided Structure Inference (NG-SI), keeping the advantages of both search-based and data-driven methods. The key idea of NG-SI is to use a neural network to guide the hierarchical, layer-wise search over the compositional space of structures. We evaluate our algorithm on two representative structure inference tasks: probabilistic matrix decomposition and symbolic program parsing. It outperforms data-driven and search-based alternatives on both tasks.

**Losing Confidence in Quality: Unspoken Evolution of Computer Vision Services**

Recent advances in artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML), such as computer vision, are now available as intelligent services and their accessibility and simplicity is compelling. Multiple vendors now offer this technology as cloud services and developers want to leverage these advances to provide value to end-users. However, there is no firm investigation into the maintenance and evolution risks arising from use of these intelligent services; in particular, their behavioural consistency and transparency of their functionality. We evaluated the responses of three different intelligent services (specifically computer vision) over 11 months using 3 different data sets, verifying responses against the respective documentation and assessing evolution risk. We found that there are: (1) inconsistencies in how these services behave; (2) evolution risk in the responses; and (3) a lack of clear communication that documents these risks and inconsistencies. We propose a set of recommendations to both developers and intelligent service providers to inform risk and assist maintainability.

**Measuring Bias in Contextualized Word Representations**

Contextual word embeddings such as BERT have achieved state of the art performance in numerous NLP tasks. Since they are optimized to capture the statistical properties of training data, they tend to pick up on and amplify social stereotypes present in the data as well. In this study, we (1)~propose a template-based method to quantify bias in BERT; (2)~show that this method obtains more consistent results in capturing social biases than the traditional cosine based method; and (3)~conduct a case study, evaluating gender bias in a downstream task of Gender Pronoun Resolution. Although our case study focuses on gender bias, the proposed technique is generalizable to unveiling other biases, including in multiclass settings, such as racial and religious biases.

**Knowledge Network System (KNS) by Evolutionary Collective Intelligence (ECI): Model, Algorithm and Applications**

Aiming at overcoming some inherent drawbacks and bottlenecks encountered by the conventional Knowledge, Recommendation, Search, and Social Systems, in this article we introduce the Knowledge Network System (KNS), a novel type of knowledge graph which is constructed by a new proposed algorithm, the Evolutionary Collective Intelligence (ECI) algorithm. The ECI, an agent-machine interactive algorithm, constructs the KNS by iteratively recommending interesting/matched samples/files to the agents, and meanwhile taking advantages of the collective intelligence of the agents. The ECI based KNS, to the best of our knowledge, is the first attempt in literature that integrates the functions of knowledge network construction, high-quality recommendation, new types of search and social in a same framework. Some real and potential applications of KNS and ECI are discussed, and a real system named VISVA is provided to demonstrate their efficacy. Some open problems for future works are also summarized in the end.

**vGraph: A Generative Model for Joint Community Detection and Node Representation Learning**

This paper focuses on two fundamental tasks of graph analysis: community detection and node representation learning, which capture the global and local structures of graphs, respectively. In the current literature, these two tasks are usually independently studied while they are actually highly correlated. We propose a probabilistic generative model called vGraph to learn community membership and node representation collaboratively. Specifically, we assume that each node can be represented as a mixture of communities, and each community is defined as a multinomial distribution over nodes. Both the mixing coefficients and the community distribution are parameterized by the low-dimensional representations of the nodes and communities. We designed an effective variational inference algorithm which regularizes the community membership of neighboring nodes to be similar in the latent space. Experimental results on multiple real-world graphs show that vGraph is very effective in both community detection and node representation learning, outperforming many competitive baselines in both tasks. We show that the framework of vGraph is quite flexible and can be easily extended to detect hierarchical communities.

**Uncovering Probabilistic Implications in Typological Knowledge Bases**

The study of linguistic typology is rooted in the implications we find between linguistic features, such as the fact that languages with object-verb word ordering tend to have post-positions. Uncovering such implications typically amounts to time-consuming manual processing by trained and experienced linguists, which potentially leaves key linguistic universals unexplored. In this paper, we present a computational model which successfully identifies known universals, including Greenberg universals, but also uncovers new ones, worthy of further linguistic investigation. Our approach outperforms baselines previously used for this problem, as well as a strong baseline from knowledge base population.

**Locality Preserving Joint Transfer for Domain Adaptation**

Domain adaptation aims to leverage knowledge from a well-labeled source domain to a poorly-labeled target domain. A majority of existing works transfer the knowledge at either feature level or sample level. Recent researches reveal that both of the paradigms are essentially important, and optimizing one of them can reinforce the other. Inspired by this, we propose a novel approach to jointly exploit feature adaptation with distribution matching and sample adaptation with landmark selection. During the knowledge transfer, we also take the local consistency between samples into consideration, so that the manifold structures of samples can be preserved. At last, we deploy label propagation to predict the categories of new instances. Notably, our approach is suitable for both homogeneous and heterogeneous domain adaptation by learning domain-specific projections. Extensive experiments on five open benchmarks, which consist of both standard and large-scale datasets, verify that our approach can significantly outperform not only conventional approaches but also end-to-end deep models. The experiments also demonstrate that we can leverage handcrafted features to promote the accuracy on deep features by heterogeneous adaptation.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
