---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Distilled News
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/06/30/distilled-news-1116/
date:      2019-06-30
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - learning
    - matrix
    - ai
    - detection
    - detecting
---

**10 Compelling Machine Learning Dissertations from Ph.D. Students**

1. Recognition of Everyday Activities through Wearable Sensors and Machine Learning machine learning2. Algorithms and analysis for non-convex optimization problems in machine learning3. Algorithms, Machine Learning, and Speech: The Future of the First Amendment in a Digital World4. Deep in-memory computing5. Classification with Large Sparse Datasets: Convergence Analysis and Scalable Algorithms6. Collaborative detection of cyberbullying behavior in Twitter data7. Bringing interpretability and visualization with artificial neural networks8. Scalable Manifold Learning and Related Topics9. The Intelligent Management of Crowd-Powered Machine Learning10. System-Aware Optimization for Machine Learning at Scale

**M3 – The fully open source metrics platform built on M3DB, a distributed timeseries database**

M3, a metrics platform, and M3DB, a distributed time series database, were developed at Uber out of necessity. After using what was available as open source and finding we were unable to use them at our scale due to issues with their reliability, cost and operationally intensive nature we built our own metrics platform piece by piece. We used our experience to help us build a native distributed time series database, a highly dynamic and performant aggregation service, query engine and other supporting infrastructure.

**Linear Algebra for Machine Learning and Deep Learning in R**

In this article, you learn how to do linear algebra for Machine Learning and Deep Learning in R. In particular, I will discuss: Matrix Multiplication, Solve System of Linear Equations, Identity Matrix, Matrix Inverse, Solve System of Linear Equations Revisited, Finding the Determinant, Matrix Norm, Frobenius Norm, Special Matrices and Vectors, Eigendecomposition, Singular Value Decomposition, Moore-Penrose Pseudoinverse, and Matrix Trace.

**Why do we need AWS SageMaker?**

A more serious thought for large Enterprises developing Machine Learning products and solutions. Today, there are several platforms available in the industry that aid software developers, data scientists as well as a layman in developing and deploying machine learning models within no time. Some platforms have made big claims to democratize AI and data science to an extent where you can solve your data science problem with almost no coding skills, while some others claim the fastest and easiest way to deploy a solution in the cloud. All these claims, some very profound, would make you wonder one simple question – What platform works best for me?

**AI and machine learning will require retraining your entire organization**

In our recent surveys AI Adoption in the Enterprise and Machine Learning Adoption in the Enterprise, we found growing interest in AI technologies among companies across a variety of industries and geographic locations. Our findings align with other surveys and studies – in fact, a recent study by the World Intellectual Patent Office (WIPO) found that the surge in research in AI and machine learning (ML) has been accompanied by an even stronger growth in AI-related patent applications. Patents are one sign that companies are beginning to take these technologies very seriously.

**Nvidia’s new Data Science Workstation – a review and benchmark**

The past several years have seen a massive surge in interest for Data Science, so much so that many companies are reorienting their business strategy and branding themselves as ‘data driven’. There’s a good reason for this and it’s no secret: more data gives us bigger opportunities to extract insights and create bigger business value. Big datasets require big computing power. You’ll need a good CPU, ideally with many cores like a Xeon type processor. Lots of RAM is a definite requirement – it’s not uncommon to see Data Scientists purchasing 64 or even 128GB of RAM, and sometimes that’s not even enough!

**Introduction to Github for Data Scientists**

Experience with version control is fast becoming a requirement for all data scientists. Version control can help data scientists work better as a team, facilitating collaboration on projects, sharing work and helping other data scientists to repeat the same or similar processes. Even if you are a data scientist working in isolation it is always useful to be able to roll back changes or make changes to a branch first, and test your change doesn’t break anything, before merging into the current project.

**An Intro to Deep Learning for Face Recognition**

An ultimate explanation for newbies with relevant links. What is face recognition? What is deep learning? Most importantly, what power these two can bring together? If you think this is too many questions for one article, hold on, I can change your mind. In this post, I have done my best to showcase all important concepts and typically make an easy and comprehensive manual for everyone. So all-in-all, I will distribute an explanation of how face recognition works, along with the Deep Learning technology that powers it.

**Savant Syndrome of Neural Networks**

Equipped with amazing capabilities but tailored to specific tasks neural networks behave like savants in the digital world. In this article we carve out their powerful skills by challenging a simple model for image recognition with mosaic-shuffled pictures. We discover an astonishing ‘Rain Man’ like behavior. For a better understanding we dig into the hidden layer of the network, visualize its logic via correlation analysis and see that the shuffled nature of the data has become manifest in the neural connections.

**Generalization Bounds: rely on your Deep Learning models**

How will your Deep Learning system perform on new data (generalize)? How bad can its performance get? Estimating the ability of an algorithm to generalize is necessary to build trust and be able to rely on AI systems.

**AI generating football video game commentary**

My approach to generating dynamic commentary in real time for Google’s football environment using GPT-2 language model.

**Real-time Vehicle Detection with 50 HD Frames/sec on an AMD GPU**

Vehicle detection is a part of traffic surveillance methods in a live traffic feed that involves detecting all types of vehicles including cars, vans, trucks, bicyclists, etc. There are several approaches ranging from image processing methods like HOG (Histogram of Oriented Gradients), SIFT (Scale-invariant feature transform) to deep learning object detection like RCNN, SSD, Yolo, etc. Here we focus on deep learning object detection models because of their superior accuracy. A neural network is a graph of operators (like convolution, RelU, etc) and their parameters (aka weights and bias matrix). An object detection network is a special subclass trained to locate the object in the image or a video frame. The input to object detection is a clear image of an object. This image is passed to the software which outputs the position, or a bounding box surrounding the input object as shown in the picture above.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
