---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Let’s get it right
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/06/26/lets-get-it-right-41/
date:      2019-06-26
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - humans
    - humanity
    - article
    - learns
    - audio
---

***Paper***: ***A Case for Backward Compatibility for Human-AI Teams***

AI systems are being deployed to support human decision making in high-stakes domains. In many cases, the human and AI form a team, in which the human makes decisions after reviewing the AI’s inferences. A successful partnership requires that the human develops insights into the performance of the AI system, including its failures. We study the influence of updates to an AI system in this setting. While updates can increase the AI’s predictive performance, they may also lead to changes that are at odds with the user’s prior experiences and confidence in the AI’s inferences, hurting therefore the overall team performance. We introduce the notion of the compatibility of an AI update with prior user experience and present methods for studying the role of compatibility in human-AI teams. Empirical results on three high-stakes domains show that current machine learning algorithms do not produce compatible updates. We propose a re-training objective to improve the compatibility of an update by penalizing new errors. The objective offers full leverage of the performance/compatibility tradeoff, enabling more compatible yet accurate updates.

***Article***: ***Speech2Face: Learning the Face Behind a Voice***

How much can we infer about a person’s looks from the way they speak? In this paper, we study the task of reconstructing a facial image of a person from a short audio recording of that person speaking. We design and train a deep neural network to perform this task using millions of natural videos of people speaking from Internet/Youtube. During training, our model learns audiovisual, voice-face correlations that allow it to produce images that capture various physical attributes of the speakers such as age, gender and ethnicity. This is done in a self-supervised manner, by utilizing the natural co-occurrence of faces and speech in Internet videos, without the need to model attributes explicitly. Our reconstructions, obtained directly from audio, reveal the correlations between faces and voices. We evaluate and numerically quantify how–and in what manner–our Speech2Face reconstructions from audio resemble the true face images of the speakers.

***Article***: ***A.I. Ethics Boards Should Be Based on Human Rights***

Tech companies should ensure their ethics boards are guided by universal human rights and resist bad faith arguments about diversity and free speech. Who should be on the ethics board of a tech company that’s in the business of artificial intelligence (A.I.)? Given the attention to the devastating failure of Google’s proposed Advanced Technology External Advisory Council (ATEAC) earlier this year, which was announced and then canceled within a week, it’s crucial to get to the bottom of this question. Google, for one, admitted it’s ‘going back to the drawing board.’

***Article***: ***Diversity in IT: The Business and Moral Reasons***

Everyone talks about diversity, but progress is slow in the real world of business and IT. Sometimes humans talk a good game, but don’t follow through on their promises. Or, it might just be that many of us are well-meaning but unable to achieve a goal because of practical, real-world limitations. A couple of days per week I receive at least one public relations pitch for an article idea about how to improve diversity in an IT team. Go to any tech conference and it’s a good bet that someone will be preaching the need for inclusive hiring and team building, and those sessions are well attended. It’s been clearly established that diversity/inclusiveness is critical to ensuring that artificial intelligence and machine learning applications aren’t plagued by gender, racial, geographic, or other bias. GIGO — garbage in, garbage out — is as relevant today as it was 30 years ago.

***Article***: ***The Hitchhiker’s Guide to AI Ethics Part 3: What AI Does & Its Impact***

A 3-part series exploring ethics issues in Artificial Intelligence. In Part 1, I explored the what and why of ethics of AI. Part 2 looked at the ethics of what AI is. In Part 3, I wrap up the series with an exploration of the ethics of what AI does and what AI impacts. Across the topics, be it safety or civil rights, be it effects on human behavior or risk of malicious use, a common theme emerges – The need to revisit the role of technologists in dealing with the effects of what they build; going beyond broad tenets like ‘avoid harm’ and ‘respect privacy’, to establishing cause-and-effect, and identifying the vantage points we uniquely hold OR don’t. I had a sense early on that Part 3 would be tough to do justice to as a sub-10 minute post. But 3-parts was just right and over 10 mins too long; so bear with me while I try to prove intuition wrong and fail! Let us explore.

***Article***: ***Fahrenheit 2050: the Future Shock of AI & Machine Learning***

I’m categorically ambivalent on the subject of technological advances/intrusion into our everyday lives. That includes AI and higher machine learning. On the one hand, AI is used and will be used for brilliant life-changing developments in endeavors like medicine, generative design, scientific research, and a lot of what is to come of which we really have no idea.

***Article***: ***AI’s (Auto)Complete Control Over Humanity***

It’s certainly easy to tap that suggestion bubble, but is it the right thing to do – for humanity?

***Article***: ***The origins of bias and how AI may be the answer to ending its reign***

Have you ever had a moment when you realized something you thought was so obviously true, suddenly became so obviously false, and in that instant your whole understanding of the world changed? I think of the day I realized my parents were actually fallible human beings. Up until then, part of my subconscious was convinced they were unquestionable demigods. It wasn’t until my 30’s that I started to really question the validity of my opinions and recognize that I was biased towards their viewpoints – both on the world and about me. I gave more weight to their ideas on politics, religion, morals, and even my own capabilities and characteristics than I did to the opinions or facts presented by my experiences. That was the moment I began making it a point to think harder. To examine why I believed something and attempt to form less parentally biased opinions of my own.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
