---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Finding out why
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/06/30/finding-out-why/
date:      2019-06-30
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - causality
    - inferring causal
    - paper
    - inferred
    - inference
---

***Paper***: ***A Bayesian Solution to the M-Bias Problem***

It is common practice in using regression type models for inferring causal effects, that inferring the correct causal relationship requires extra covariates are included or “adjusted for”. Without performing this adjustment erroneous causal effects can be inferred. Given this phenomenon it is common practice to include as many covariates as possible, however such advice comes unstuck in the presence of M-bias. M-Bias is a problem in causal inference where the correct estimation of treatment effects requires that certain variables are not adjusted for i.e. are simply neglected from inclusion in the model. This issue caused a storm of controversy in 2009 when Rubin, Pearl and others disagreed about if it could be problematic to include additional variables in models when inferring causal effects. This paper makes two contributions to this issue. Firstly we provide a Bayesian solution to the M-Bias problem. The solution replicates Pearl’s solution, but consistent with Rubin’s advice we condition on all variables. Secondly the fact that we are able to offer a solution to this problem in Bayesian terms shows that it is indeed possible to represent causal relationships within the Bayesian paradigm, albeit in an extended space. We make several remarks on the similarities and differences between causal graphical models which implement the do-calculus and probabilistic graphical models which enable Bayesian statistics. We hope this work will stimulate more research on unifying Pearl’s causal calculus using causal graphical models with traditional Bayesian statistics and probabilistic graphical models.

***Paper***: ***Neurally-Guided Structure Inference***

Most structure inference methods either rely on exhaustive search or are purely data-driven. Exhaustive search robustly infers the structure of arbitrarily complex data, but it is slow. Data-driven methods allow efficient inference, but do not generalize when test data have more complex structures than training data. In this paper, we propose a hybrid inference algorithm, the Neurally-Guided Structure Inference (NG-SI), keeping the advantages of both search-based and data-driven methods. The key idea of NG-SI is to use a neural network to guide the hierarchical, layer-wise search over the compositional space of structures. We evaluate our algorithm on two representative structure inference tasks: probabilistic matrix decomposition and symbolic program parsing. It outperforms data-driven and search-based alternatives on both tasks.

***Paper***: ***Transfer Learning for Causal Sentence Detection***

We consider the task of detecting sentences that express causality, as a step towards mining causal relations from texts. To bypass the scarcity of causal instances in relation extraction datasets, we exploit transfer learning, namely ELMO and BERT, using a bidirectional GRU with self-attention ( BIGRUATT ) as a baseline. We experiment with both generic public relation extraction datasets and a new biomedical causal sentence detection dataset, a subset of which we make publicly available. We find that transfer learning helps only in very small datasets. With larger datasets, BIGRUATT reaches a performance plateau, then larger datasets and transfer learning do not help.

***Paper***: ***Quantifying and Leveraging Classification Uncertainty for Chest Radiograph Assessment***

The interpretation of chest radiographs is an essential task for the detection of thoracic diseases and abnormalities. However, it is a challenging problem with high inter-rater variability and inherent ambiguity due to inconclusive evidence in the data, limited data quality or subjective definitions of disease appearance. Current deep learning solutions for chest radiograph abnormality classification are typically limited to providing probabilistic predictions, relying on the capacity of learning models to adapt to the high degree of label noise and become robust to the enumerated causal factors. In practice, however, this leads to overconfident systems with poor generalization on unseen data. To account for this, we propose an automatic system that learns not only the probabilistic estimate on the presence of an abnormality, but also an explicit uncertainty measure which captures the confidence of the system in the predicted output. We argue that explicitly learning the classification uncertainty as an orthogonal measure to the predicted output, is essential to account for the inherent variability characteristic of this data. Experiments were conducted on two datasets of chest radiographs of over 85,000 patients. Sample rejection based on the predicted uncertainty can significantly improve the ROC-AUC, e.g., by 8% to 0.91 with an expected rejection rate of under 25%. Eliminating training samples using uncertainty-driven bootstrapping, enables a significant increase in robustness and accuracy. In addition, we present a multi-reader study showing that the predictive uncertainty is indicative of reader errors.

***Paper***: ***Causal Inference from Possibly Unbalanced Split-Plot Designs: A Randomization-based Perspective***

Split-plot designs find wide applicability in multifactor experiments with randomization restrictions. Practical considerations often warrant the use of unbalanced designs. This paper investigates randomization based causal inference in split-plot designs that are possibly unbalanced. Extension of ideas from the recently studied balanced case yields an expression for the sampling variance of a treatment contrast estimator as well as a conservative estimator of the sampling variance. However, the bias of this variance estimator does not vanish even when the treatment effects are strictly additive. A careful and involved matrix analysis is employed to overcome this difficulty, resulting in a new variance estimator, which becomes unbiased under milder conditions. A construction procedure that generates such an estimator with minimax bias is proposed.

***Paper***: ***Modeling AGI Safety Frameworks with Causal Influence Diagrams***

Proposals for safe AGI systems are typically made at the level of frameworks, specifying how the components of the proposed system should be trained and interact with each other. In this paper, we model and compare the most promising AGI safety frameworks using causal influence diagrams. The diagrams show the optimization objective and causal assumptions of the framework. The unified representation permits easy comparison of frameworks and their assumptions. We hope that the diagrams will serve as an accessible and visual introduction to the main AGI safety frameworks.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
