---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Forbes： A Marriage of Robotic Process Automation and Machine Learning
subtitle:      转载自：https://www.forbes.com/sites/tomdavenport/2019/06/06/a-marriage-of-robotic-process-automation-and-machine-learning/#510180a67947
date:      2019-06-06
author:      Libby Botsford
tags:
    - automated
    - automating
    - emails
    - machine learning
    - process automation
---

A year and a half ago, I wrote that robotic process automation might not be smart enough to fuel your digital transformation. But I needn’t have worried; RPA vendors are increasingly combining the technology with AI applications like machine learning to make it smarter. This sort of collaboration is sometimes orchestrated by individual users, and sometimes by vendors.

Take, for example, the collaboration between RPA firm UiPath and automated machine learning (AutoML) provider DataRobot. These are two fast-growing companies; in the past 24 months, UiPath has grown its annual recurring revenue (ARR) from $8M to over $200M. DataRobot, to which I am an advisor, has had four years of triple digit revenue growth.

There are many vendor partnerships that don’t seem to go anywhere, but these two firms appear to have a high degree of complementarity. Neither claims to be in each other’s technology domain. They make it easier to connect their systems with API-based interfaces. And many companies seem to want to combine the task automation capabilities of RPA with the machine learning prowess of DataRobot.

One example is at American Fidelity Assurance Company, a health and life insurance company based in Oklahoma City. If you believe that the use of these advanced technologies in American firms is restricted to the east and west coasts, you would apparently be wrong. Shane Jason Mock, a VP at American Fidelity who leads the company’s R&D function, told me that he and his colleagues were pursuing both RPA (UiPath) and machine learning (DataRobot) applications, but separately. They had read about combining them, but didn’t really have an application in mind.




But like many companies, American Fidelity gets a lot of emails from its customers. The emails deal with all sorts of subjects—from claims to address changes—and come into a centralized queue. A key task, then, is to identify the primary topic of the email and forward it to the department best suited to address it. Humans historically performed this task, but because of the growing volume of the emails Mock and his colleagues felt that it was important to try automating the process.

Mock and his colleagues felt that RPA clearly had a role to play in the solution, sending emails automatically to the right department. But what was the best way to decide which department should receive the email? American Fidelity tried using RPA-based rules to classify keywords, but that approach resulted in too many rules.




The alternative was to try machine learning as a way to classify emails. That technology—at least the supervised learning form of it—requires a substantial amount of labeled data with the correct outcome for purposes of training the model. But American Fidelity already had a database of customer emails and outcomes—the department that eventually responded back to the customer. It served as an excellent training dataset.

The results of the machine learning analysis were very successful. DataRobot is an automated machine learning tool—I may be biased, but I think it’s an impressive piece of software—and it runs automated competitions to see which algorithm provides the best fit to the data. The analysis of the email data took only a couple of hours, and a well-fitting model (a deep learning algorithm) was found. Analysis on a test dataset proved that it was able to accurately predict which department should receive the email. An API to make that decision was automatically generated. Then the UiPath RPA system only needed to route the email content to the machine learning API in order to predict the best department to receive it, and to send the email to the right department.

This successful application encouraged Mock and his colleagues to pursue many other combinations of RPA and machine learning within the company’s applications, and they are now working on them. Mock is confident that it will be a powerful combination for the company. It will enable, he says, the ability to employ AI on many of their legacy systems without having to totally rebuild them—to “put a brain inside the caveman,” he says. Automated machine learning will allow many of American Fidelity’s employees—actuaries, business analysts, and programmers to develop machine learning applications without relying on a data scientist.

The combination of RPA and ML could change the equation for many organizations about what constitutes successful AI. RPA on its own may not be terribly smart, but it seems quite straightforward to integrate it with machine learning, and particularly automated machine learning. This combination of technologies could usher in an era of many intelligent automation applications going forward.

 
