---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      RcppTOML 0.1.6： Tinytest support and more robustification
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/11wB2NrLs-c/
date:      2019-06-25
author:      Thinking inside the box
tags:
    - supporting
    - václav
    - strong
    - rcpptoml
    - tinytest
---






A new RcppTOML release is now on CRAN. RcppTOML brings TOML to R.

TOML is a file format that is most suitable for configurations, as it is meant to be *edited by humans* but read by computers. It emphasizes *strong readability for humans* while at the same time supporting *strong typing* as well as *immediate and clear error reports*. On small typos you get parse errors, rather than silently corrupted garbage. Much preferable to any and all of XML, JSON or YAML – though sadly these may be too ubiquitous now. TOML has been making inroads with projects such as the Hugo static blog compiler, or the Cargo system of Crates (aka “packages”) for the Rust language.

Václav Hausenblas sent a number of excellent and very focused PRs helping with some input format corner cases, as well as with one test. We added support for the wonderful new tinytest package. The detailed list of changes in this incremental version is below.

> 
Changes in version 0.1.6 (2019-06-25)


Propagate the `escape` switch to calls of `getTable()` and `getArray()` (Václav Hausenblas in #32 completing #26). Hausenblas in #36 completing #26)


The `README.md` file now mentions TOML v0.5.0 support (Watal Iwasaki in #35 addressing #33).


Encodings in arrays is to UTF-8 for character (Václav Hausenblas in #36 completing #28)


The package now use tinytest (Dirk in #38 fixing #37, also Václav in #39).




Courtesy of CRANberries, there is a diffstat report for this release.

More information is on the RcppTOML page page. Issues and bugreports should go to the GitHub issue tracker.


This post by Dirk Eddelbuettel originated on his Thinking inside the box blog. Please report excessive re-aggregation in third-party for-profit settings.




*Related*







---
