---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      RProtoBuf 0.4.14
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/FHmFpyVjaTw/
date:      2019-06-30
author:      Thinking inside the box
tags:
    - rprotobuf
    - jarod
    - protocol
    - released
    - message
---






A new release 0.4.14 of RProtoBuf is arriving at CRAN. RProtoBuf provides R with bindings for the Google Protocol Buffers (“ProtoBuf”) data encoding and serialization library used and released by Google, and deployed very widely in numerous projects as a language and operating-system agnostic protocol.

This release contains two very helpful pull requests by Jarod Meng that solidify behaviour in two corner cases of message translation. Jeroen also updated the Windows build settings which will help with the upcoming transition to a new Rtools version.

> 
Changes in RProtoBuf version 0.4.14 (2019-06-30)


An `all.equal.Message` method was added to avoid a fallback to the generic (Jarod Meng in #54 fixing #53)


Recursive fields now handled by `identical()` (Jarod Meng in #57 fixing #56)


Update Windows build infrastructure (Jeroen)




CRANberries provides the usual diff to the previous release. The RProtoBuf page has copies of the (older) package vignette, the ‘quick’ overview vignette, and the pre-print of our JSS paper. Questions, comments etc should go to the GitHub issue tracker off the GitHub repo.


This post by Dirk Eddelbuettel originated on his Thinking inside the box blog. Please report excessive re-aggregation in third-party for-profit settings.




*Related*







---
