---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      anytime 0.3.4
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/38Qbup3liRQ/
date:      2019-06-18
author:      Thinking inside the box
tags:
    - packages
    - format
    - anytime package
    - release
    - documentation
---






A new minor release of the anytime package is arriving on CRAN. This is the fifteenth release, and first since the 0.3.3 release in November.

anytime is a very focused package aiming to do just one thing *really* well: to convert *anything* in integer, numeric, character, factor, ordered, … format to either POSIXct or Date objects – and to do so *without requiring a format string*. See the anytime page, or the GitHub README.md for a few examples.

This release is mostly internal and switches to the excellent new tinytest package, a tweak the `iso8601()` format helper which now uses `T` between date and time (which is a breaking change with the usual addition of a option to get the old behaviour back) and a little more. The full list of changes follows.

> 
Changes in anytime version 0.3.4 (2019-06-18)


Documentation was updated about a ‘Europe/London’ conversion issue (#84, inter alia).


The package is now compiled under the C++11 standard.


The package now uses `tinytest` for unit tests.


The `iso8601()` function now places a ‘T’ between date and time; an option switches to prior format using a space.


The vignette is now pre-made and included as-is in a Sweave document reducing the number of suggested packages.




Courtesy of CRANberries, there is a comparison to the previous release. More information is on the anytime page. The issue tracker tracker off the GitHub repo can be use for questions and comments.


This post by Dirk Eddelbuettel originated on his Thinking inside the box blog. Please report excessive re-aggregation in third-party for-profit settings.




*Related*







---
