---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      My Favorite data.table Feature
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/52j2JBG11qA/
date:      2019-06-29
author:      John Mount
tags:
    - group_by
    - grouping notation
    - data
    - table
    - dt
---





My favorite R data.table feature is the “`by`” grouping notation when combined with the `:=` notation.

Let’s take a look at this powerful notation.




First, let’s build an example `data.frame`.

|------
|a|1|
|a|2|
|b|3|
|b|4|

The data is some sort of value with a grouping column telling us which rows are related.

With the `data.table` “`:=`,`by`” notation we can add the per-group totals into each row of the data as follows (the extra `[]` at the end is just the command to also print the results in addition to adding the column in-place).

The “`by`” signals we are doing a per-group calculation, and the “`:=`” signals to land the results in the original `data.table`. This sort of window function is incredibly useful in computing things such as what fraction of a group’s mass is in each row. For example.

In base R (or in a more purely relational data system) the obvious way to solve this requires two steps: computing the per-group summaries and then joining them back into the original table rows. This can be done as follows.

We called the transform a “window function”, as that is the name that SQL uses for the concept. The SQL code to perform this calculation would look like the following.

And the popular package `dplyr` uses the following notation for the same problem.

And, as always, let’s end with some timings. For a 1000000 row table with 10 additional irrelevant columns, and group ids picked uniformly from 100000 symbols: we see the various solutions take the following times to complete the task.

All packages are the current CRAN releases as of 2019-06-29. Timings are sensitive to number of row, columns, and groups. Note the `data.table` time includes the time to convert to the `data.table` class.Details on the timings can be found here.


*Related*







---
