---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Ten random useful things in R that you might not know about
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/kdnuggets-data-mining-analytics/~3/XrH49bX_qsY/ten-useful-things-r.html
date:      2019-06-20
author:      Asel M
tags:
    - shiny
    - errors
    - animal_name
    - dogs
    - functions
---

**By Keith McNulty, McKinsey & Company**

Often I find myself telling my colleagues and fellow coders simple things that I use in R that really help me with the tasks that I need to progress on. These range from trivial shortcuts, to little known functions, to handy little tricks.

Because the R ecosystem is so rich and constantly growing, people can often miss out on knowing about something that can really help them in a task that they have to complete. So I often get a surprised reaction from my audience along the lines of ‘I never knew about that!’.

Here are ten things that make my life easier working in R. If you already know them all, sorry for wasting your reading time, and please consider adding a comment with something else that you find useful for the benefit of other readers.

 

### 1. The `switch` function 

 I LOVE `switch()`. It’s basically a convenient shortening of an `if` statement that chooses its value according to the value of another variable. I find it particularly useful when I am writing code that needs to load a different dataset according to a prior choice you make. For example, if you have a variable called `animal` and you want to load a different set of data according to whether `animal` is a dog, cat or rabbit you might write this:



This is particularly useful in Shiny apps where you might want to load different datasets or even environment files depending on one or more of the input menu choices.

 

### 2. RStudio shortcut keys 

 This is less an R hack and more about the RStudio IDE, but the shortcut keys available for common commands are super useful and can save a lot of typing time. My two favourite are Ctrl+Shift+M for the pipe operator `%>%` and Alt+- for the assignment operator`<-`. If you want to see a full set of these awesome shortcuts just type Atl+Shift+K in RStudio.

 

### 3. The flexdashboard package 

 If you want to get a quick Shiny dashboard up and running with a minimum of fuss, the `flexdashboard` package has everything you need. It provides simple HTML shortcuts that allow easy construction of sidebars and the organization of your display into rows and columns. It also has a super flexible title bar where you can organize your app into different pages and put in icons and links to Github code or an email address or whatever. As a package which operates within `RMarkdown` it also allows you to keep all your app in one `Rmd` file rather than needing to break it out into separate server and UI files like for example `shinydashboard`. I use `flexdashboard` whenever I need to create a simple prototype version of a dashboard before moving it on to more advanced design. I can often get dashboards up and running within an hour using `flexdashboard`.

 

### 4. The req and validate functions in R Shiny 

 R Shiny development can be frustrating, especially when you get generic error messages that don’t help you understand what is going wrong under the hood. As Shiny develops, more and more validation and testing functions are being added to help better diagnose and alert when specific errors occur. The `req()` function allows you to prevent an action from occurring unless a another variable is present in the environment, but does so silently and without displaying an error. So you can make the display of UI elements conditional on previous actions. For example, with reference to my example no 1 above:



`validate()` checks before rendering an output and enables you to return a tailored error message should a certain condition not be fulfilled, for example if the user uploaded the wrong file:



For more on these function see my other article here.

 

### 5. Keeping all my credentials to myself using the system environment 

 If you are sharing code that requires login credentials to databases and the like, you can use the system environment to avoid posting those credentials to Github or other spaces where they might be at risk. You can put credentials as named environment variables in your R session, for example:



Then in your shared script, you can log in using these environment variables. For example:



Even more handy, if these are credentials you use frequently, you can set them as environment variables in your operating system, so that they will always be available to you whenever you are working in R, but you’ll never have to display them in your code. (Just be careful about who has access to these!)

 

### 6. Automate tidyverse styling with styler 

 Its been a tough day, you’ve had a lot on your plate. Your code isn’t as neat as you’d like and you don’t have time to line edit it. Fear not. The `styler`package has numerous functions to allow automatic restyling of your code to match tidyverse style. It’s a simple as running `styler::style_file()` on your messy script and it will do a lot (though not all) of the work for you.

 

### 7. Parameterizing R Markdown documents 

 So you write a lovely R Markdown document where you’ve analyzed a whole bunch of facts about dogs. And then you get told — ‘nah, I’m more interested in cats’. Never fear. You can automate a similar report about cats in just one command if you parameterize your R markdown document.

You can do this by defining parameters in the YAML header of your R Markdown document, and giving each parameter a value. For example:



Now you can write these variables into the R code in your document as `params$animal_name` and `params$years_of_study`. If you knit your document as normal, it will knit with the default values of these parameters as per the `value` variable. However, if you knit with parameters by selecting this option in RStudio’s Knit dropdown (or by using `knit_with_parameters()`), a lovely menu option appears for you to select your parameters before you knit the document. Awesome!
