---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      AzureVM update： flexible and powerful deployment and management of VMs in Azure
subtitle:      转载自：https://blog.revolutionanalytics.com/2019/06/azurevm-update.html
date:      2019-06-19
author:      Hong Ooi
tags:
    - resource get_vm
    - deploying
    - deployments
    - azurermr
    - resources
---

*by Hong Ooi, senior data scientist, Microsoft Azure*

I'm happy to announce version 2.0 of AzureVM, a package for deploying and managing virtual machines in Azure. This is a complete rewrite of the package, with the objective of making it a truly generic and flexible tool for working with VMs and VM scale sets (clusters).

AzureVM 1.0 was a rather limited package in many respects: it came with only a small selection of DSVM templates, and didn't give you many options for changing them. While you could deploy any arbitrary template, this functionality was actually provided by the underlying AzureRMR package, rather than something that AzureVM added.

Here are the main changes in AzureVM 2.0:

- Separate out deployment of VMs and VM clusters; the latter are implemented as scalesets, rather than simplistic arrays of individual VMs. The methods to work with scalesets are named `get_vm_scaleset`, `create_vm_scaleset` and `delete_vm_scaleset`; `get/create/delete_vm_cluster` are now defunct.

- New UI for VM/scaleset creation, with many more ways to fine-tune the deployment options, including specifying the base VM image; networking details like security rules, load balancers and autoscaling; datadisks to attach; use of low-priority VMs for scalesets; etc.

- Several predefined configurations supplied to allow quick deployment of commonly used images (Ubuntu, Windows Server, RHEL, Debian, Centos, DSVM).

- Allow referring to existing resources in a deployment (eg placing VMs into an existing vnet), by supplying `AzureRMR::az_resource` objects as arguments.

- Clear distinction between a VM deployment template and a resource. `get_vm` and `get_vm_scaleset` will always attempt to retrieve the template; to get the resource, use `get_vm_resource` and `get_vm_scaleset_resource`.

- New VM resource methods: `get_public_ip_address`, `get_private_ip_address`.

- New cluster/scaleset resource methods: `get_public_ip_address` (technically the address for the load balancer, if present), `get_vm_public_ip_addresses`, `get_vm_private_ip_addresses`, `list_instances`, `get_instance`.

- Use a pool of background processes to talk to scalesets in parallel when carrying out instance operations. The pool size can be controlled with the global options `azure_vm_minpoolsize` and `azure_vm_maxpoolsize`.


See the README and/or the vignette for more information.

Here are some example deployments. A basic Ubuntu VM:

library(AzureVM)

sub <- AzureRMR::get_azure_login()$

    get_subscription("sub_id")

# default is an Ubuntu 18.04 VM, size Standard_DS3_v2, login via SSH key

# call sub$list_vm_sizes() to get the sizes available in your region

sub$create_vm("myubuntuvm", user_config("myname", "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub"),

                    location="australiaeast")

A more complex deployment (Windows 10 Pro):

## this assumes you have a valid Win10 desktop license

user <- user_config("myname", password="Use-strong-passwords!")

image <- image_config(

     publisher="MicrosoftWindowsDesktop",

     offer="Windows-10",

     sku="19h1-pro"

)

datadisks <- list(

    datadisk_config(250, type="Premium_LRS"),

    datadisk_config(1000, type="Standard_LRS")

)

nsg <- nsg_config(

    list(nsg_rule_allow_rdp)

)

sub$create_vm("mywin10vm", user,

    config=vm_config(

        image=image,

        keylogin=FALSE,

        datadisks=datadisks,

        nsg=nsg,

        properties=list(licenseType="Windows_Client")

    ),

    location="australiaeast"

)

 

Creating a scaleset:

sub$create_vm_scaleset("myubuntuss", user_config("myname", "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub"), instances=5,

                       location="australiaeast")

 

Sharing a subnet between a VM and a scaleset:

# first, create the resgroup

rg <- sub$create_resource_group("rgname", "australiaeast")

# create the master

rg$create_vm("mastervm", user_config("myname", "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub"))

# get the vnet resource

vnet <- rg$get_resource(type="Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks", name="mastervm-vnet")

# create the scaleset

# since the NSG is associated with the vnet, we don't need to create a new NSG either

rg$create_vm_scaleset("slavess", user_config("myname", "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub"),

                      instances=5, vnet=vnet, nsg=NULL)

AzureVM 2.0 is available on CRAN now. If you have any questions, or if you run into problems, please feel free to email me or file an issue at the Github repo.
