---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Let’s get it right
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/06/30/lets-get-it-right-44/
date:      2019-06-30
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - persuasion
    - persuasive
    - article
    - ai
    - personalized
---

***Paper***: ***Persuasion for Good: Towards a Personalized Persuasive Dialogue System for Social Good***

Developing intelligent persuasive conversational agents to change people’s opinions and actions for social good is the frontier in advancing the ethical development of automated dialogue systems. To do so, the first step is to understand the intricate organization of strategic disclosures and appeals employed in human persuasion conversations. We designed an online persuasion task where one participant was asked to persuade the other to donate to a specific charity. We collected a large dataset with 1,017 dialogues and annotated emerging persuasion strategies from a subset. Based on the annotation, we built a baseline classifier with context information and sentence-level features to predict the 10 persuasion strategies used in the corpus. Furthermore, to develop an understanding of personalized persuasion processes, we analyzed the relationships between individuals’ demographic and psychological backgrounds including personality, morality, value systems, and their willingness for donation. Then, we analyzed which types of persuasion strategies led to a greater amount of donation depending on the individuals’ personal backgrounds. This work lays the ground for developing a personalized persuasive dialogue system.

***Article***: ***AI Will Replace Jobs. Or Will It? Thoughts On The Coming AI Revolution***

According to an article that appeared in Fortune earlier this year: Automation could replace 40% of jobs in 15 years. This article joins countless others in sounding the warning bells of the forthcoming AI-style industrial revolution. As we’ve heard so often, AI will replace jobs by the thousands. Almost overnight, half the country will be out of work. There’s a lot of uncertainty, fear, and doubt being spread on this subject. Admittedly, it would be impossible to tackle this issue from every angle. We won’t even try. However, we can offer our sense of where this industry is, what the effects might be, and where we might be headed within 15 years.

***Article***: ***Exclusive: A Group of Microsoft Employees Is Fighting the Company’s Political Action Committee***

Employees say there’s no way to dictate how the PAC spends their money, even when it conflicts with the company’s progressive values.

***Article***: ***Augmented Reality: Greater Power, Greater Responsibility***

We are becoming increasingly intertwined with our technology. The growing depth of this connection adds new weight to each decision we make in the way we design and build the next generation of applications. AR is a new paradigm that gives us a chance to step back and consider the learnings we’ve gained over the last few decades. We can choose to maintain the status quo, or we can decide that now is the time to correct our course.

***Article***: ***Unfair Advantage: Don’t Expect AI to Play Like a Human***

The debate surrounding AI and StarCraft shows that we need to change the way we discuss and evaluate artificial intelligence – and stop comparing its gameplay with our own.

***Article***: ***Is It Time for a Data Scientist Code of Ethics?***

As news broke of a new app called DeepNude, which allowed anyone to alter a photo of a woman to make them appear nude, I found myself deeply disturbed by the speed at which deepfakes are evolving. Such a tangible and accessible tool highlights the darker side of AI, computer vision, and other machine learning techniques in the wrong hands. And while there are some incredibly overt examples of how deepfakes can be used to doctor videos of individuals, their appearance, their activities, as well as what they are saying, the accessibility of this technology has mostly been in the hands of the technical few that understood it. Even with this knowledge, the time it takes to generate convincing deepfakes was also a barrier. But DeepNude showed that altering images can be done in seconds versus the days it previously took on incredibly powerful machines out of reach of the general public.

***Article***: ***How AI will force us to redefine capitalism***

Capitalism is the world’s most resilient and effective economic ideology ever devised, in spite of its shortcomings, because there is no viable alternative. Not only did capitalism withstood the Communist challenge and successfully weathered the negative repercussions of the Industrial revolutions, but it has also become an almost universal economic policy for countries that want to evolve in a sustainable and effective way. But today, many policymakers speak about the need to reform capitalism so that ensure its future vitality and flexibility as well as to address imminent challenges, such as relentlessly growing inequality, inability to tackle environmental degradation and climate change, inherent weaknesses in the financial system, which culminated in the financial crisis of 2008, in addition to an increasingly appealing Chinese mix of free-market capitalism and centralised, government-controlled economy.

***Paper***: ***Agnostic data debiasing through a local sanitizer learnt from an adversarial network approach***

The widespread use of automated decision processes in many areas of our society raises serious ethical issues concerning the fairness of the process and the possible resulting discriminations. In this work, we propose a novel approach called \gansan whose objective is to prevent the possibility of \emph{any} discrimination i.e., direct and indirect) based on a sensitive attribute by removing the attribute itself as well as the existing correlations with the remaining attributes. Our sanitization algorithm \gansan is partially inspired by the powerful framework of generative adversarial networks (in particuler the Cycle-GANs), which offers a flexible way to learn a distribution empirically or to translate between two different distributions. In contrast to prior work, one of the strengths of our approach is that the sanitization is performed in the same space as the original data by only modifying the other attributes as little as possible and thus preserving the interpretability of the sanitized data. As a consequence, once the sanitizer is trained, it can be applied to new data, such as for instance, locally by an individual on his profile before releasing it. Finally, experiments on a real dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach as well as the achievable trade-off between fairness and utility.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
