---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      EARL London keynote announcement： Helen Hunter, Sainsbury’s
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/Qaztpr8461Y/
date:      2019-06-14
author:      Mango Solutions
tags:
    - helen
    - data
    - opening keynote
    - earl
    - conference
---





We are delighted to announce that Helen Hunter, Chief Data Officer at Sainsbury’s will deliver the opening keynote address at this year’s London EARL conference.

As Chief Data Officer at Sainsbury’s plc, Helen’s remit is to maximise the value of the Group’s data asset: democratising access and finding creative ways to unlock its insight potential in support of Sainsbury’s strategy to ‘know our customers better than anyone else’

Over the last 8 years at Sainsbury’s in roles including Director of Innovation, and Director of Data and Relationship Marketing, Helen has brought to bear her experience of navigating large organisations to develop products and propositions at the intersection of data, digital, technology, performance marketing and loyalty. These have included Sainsbury’s Band Match and Sainsbury’s new Nectar.

Helen thrives on solving problems and delivering innovation by building both products and people. She relishes a blank sheet of paper against a clear strategic outcome and happily rolls her sleeves up to do the unglamorous housework of implementation. And supports people to be their best and realise their ambitions.

Before joining Sainsbury’s, Helen held roles at emnos, Home Retail Group, Woolworths Group, and Kingfisher, having read modern history at Oxford. She lives in central London with two young children (6 and 2) and is a fan of skiing, sci-fi and European crime drama.

Joining Helen to deliver a keynote address in the conference opening session will be Julia Silge, Data Scientist from Stack Overflow.

In addition to these brilliant keynote speakers, the conference agenda features a whole host of speakers from a variety of industries presenting on how they are using R to solve business challenges.

Please see the EARL website for more information, and don’t forget we have early bird tickets at a discounted price for a limited time!

We hope you will join us in September.


*Related*







---
