---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Multithreaded in the Wild
subtitle:      转载自：https://multithreaded.stitchfix.com/blog/2018/03/02/MITW/
date:      2018-03-02
img:      1
author:      未知
tags:
    - stitch
    - data
    - algorithms
    - stefan
    - binomial
---

Hello Stitch Fix followers, check out what our fellow Stitch Fixers are doing in the month of March this year.

Stitch Fix is excited to partner with the global Women in Data Science (WiDS) for a half-day conference in our headquarters. 
The conference, which takes place on March 5th, 2018, features technical talks by distinguished female speakers and brings together local academic leaders, 
industrial professionals and students to hear about the latest data science-related research in a number of domains.

Sally Schoeffler, part of our Merch Algorithms team, will give the first talk of the day titled 
“Using Beta Binomial Regression for Inventory Forecasting at Stitch Fix” at 9:00am. Check out the full agenda here.

Eric Colson, our Chief Algorithms Officer, 
will be presenting at the Strata Data Conference San Jose on the 8th of March, 2018.
His talk “Differentiating via data science”, at 9.10 am, explores what it means to differentiate by Data Science 
and explains why companies must now think very differently about the role and placement of Data Science in the organization.

Stefan Krawczyk, a member of our Data Platform team, will be giving an encore presentation of his talk titled “Scaling Data Science at Stitch Fix”. 
It will be given as part of the VUW ECS Seminar Series, and will take place on Wednesday the 14th from 1pm-2pm at the Cotton Club, Cotton 350, Victoria University of Wellington.

Be sure to join us :)
