---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Nine digits puzzle
subtitle:      转载自：http://datagenetics.com/blog/march22018/index.html
date:      2018-03-02
img:      3
author:      未知
tags:
    - derivation
    - abcdefghi
    - answer
    - divisible
    - divisibility rule
---

Here is the Answer:

381654729

### Derivation

ABCDEFGHI

First of all, there is a 'gimmie'. As we're using the digits 1-9, then *whatever* arrangement we select it will be divisible by nine. 1+2+3+4+5+6+7+8+9=45, which is divisible by nine. (A divisibility rule for nine is that digit root is divisible by nine). So, we don't care what digit goes at the end!

ABCDEFGHI

Next, we can apply the divisibility by five rule. Every number that is divisible by five has to end in a zero or five. As we're not using zero, the fifth digit has to be five.

ABCD5FGHI      Used: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9

Next, we know that, at minimum, digits: B,D,F,H need to be even {2,4,6,8} as these need to be divisible by even numbers; this reduces down the solution set but we need more help. From the divisibility of three rule, A+B+C must be divisible by 3, as must D+5+F (all numbers divisible by six are also divisible by three).

Combing these, as we know D,F need to be from the set {2,4,6,8}, and that D+5+F needs to be divisible by three, out of all the combinations, only four are possible: 254 256 258 452 456 458 652 654 658 852 854 856. 

Out of the four solutions: 258 456 654 852 we can eliminate two of these through application of the divisibility by four test (To be divisible by four, the last two digits must also be divisible by four). So, for ABCD to be divisible by four, then CD also needs to be divisible by four. As we need four even digits in positions B,D,F,H this means that A,C,E,G,I must be odd. For CD to be divisible by four, and with C being odd, then D cannot be 8 or 4. There are now just two possibilities: 258 456 654 852.

Let's investigate both of these:
|ABC258GHIInserting one of the two remaining even digits in B,H {4,6}, then making sure A+B+C add up to multiple of three leads to just eight possible choices:147258369|

Inserting one of the two remaining even digits in B,H {4,6}, then making sure A+B+C add up to multiple of three leads to just eight possible choices:
