---
layout:     post
title:      Join the Machine Learning Team at Cloudera!
subtitle:   转载自：http://blog.fastforwardlabs.com/2018/03/21/join-the-machine-learning-team-at-cloudera.html
date:       2018-03-21
author:     未知
header-img: img/background1.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - products
    - cloudera
    - data
    - learning
    - science
---

At Cloudera, we believe that with data we can make what is impossible today possible tomorrow. We are building the modern platform for machine learning and analytics to help our customers solve some of the world’s greatest challenges with data.

The Machine Learning team is a new group at Cloudera focused on accelerating enterprise data science capabilities through applied research, consulting services, and our software platform. You’ll be working with a talented team around the world and across every function in the business.

We’re looking for people for a few exciting opportunities on the ML team. If one of these might be a match for you, please apply using the links below.

## Director of Research and Data Science Services (New York)

In the Cloudera Fast Forward Labs Applied Machine Learning research program, we tackle emerging topics in the field such as [Interpretability](http://blog.fastforwardlabs.com/2017/08/02/interpretability.html) and [Semantic Recommendations](http://blog.fastforwardlabs.com/2018/01/22/exploring-recommendation-systems.html). Our advising and consulting practices help our customers with everything from data strategy to prototyping of machine learning applications.

We’re looking for a strong data science leader to join our team. You’ll be managing an eclectic and diverse group of data scientists who split their time between research and client consulting programs. This role is based in our Brooklyn office, and you’ll be working closely with Hilary Mason, Cloudera’s GM of Machine Learning and the Founder of Fast Forward Labs (acquired by Cloudera in September 2017).

[Read the full job description and apply here.](https://cloudera.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/External_Career/job/USNew-YorkBrooklyn/Director-of-Research-and-Data-Science-Services-at-Cloudera-Fast-Forward-Labs_180482?shared_id=52f672b8-625e-4663-ab0a-1d5ce7689ca8)

## Product Marketing Lead, Machine Learning (Bay Area)

Cloudera is looking for an exceptionally talented product marketer to lead marketing strategy and execution for our new machine learning business group. Spanning products from the award-winning Cloudera Data Science Workbench to applied machine learning research and consulting from Cloudera Fast Forward Labs and more, this role offers the opportunity to impact not only the future of Cloudera, but entire industries.

[Read the full job description and apply here.](https://cloudera.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/External_Career/job/USA--California--Palo-Alto/Product-Marketing-Lead--Machine-Learning_180455)

## Product Lead, Data Science (Bay Area)

Cloudera is looking for a experienced product manager to lead our machine learning product portfolio, including [Cloudera Data Science Workbench](https://www.cloudera.com/products/data-science-and-engineering/data-science-workbench.html). This is a highly visible role that will have a lasting impact on the strategic direction of the company.

[Read the full job description and apply here.](https://cloudera.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/External_Career/job/USA--California--Palo-Alto/Director-Product-Management--Data-Science_180286)

## Software Engineer Data Science Tools (Bay Area)

Are you an experienced software engineer who wants to help us build a machine learning platform? Come join our engineering team!

[Read the full job description and apply here.](https://cloudera.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/External_Career/job/USA--California--San-Francisco/Software-Engineer-Data-Science-Tools_180008)

## Senior Director of ISV (Bay Area/New York)

We’re looking for an experienced business development professional to manage partnerships and ISV for the machine learning program.

[Read the full job description and apply here.](https://cloudera.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/External_Career/job/USA--California--Palo-Alto/Senior-Director-of-ISV_180389)

## And more

If none of these specific opportunities suit you, please do stay tuned for future roles, including internship opportunities. You can also [follow along on our mailing list](https://fastforwardlabs.us8.list-manage.com/subscribe/post?u=bdb368b9a389b010c19dbcd54&id=1d8c97a0bd).
