---
layout:     post
title:      A profiler for Python extensions
subtitle:   转载自：http://fa.bianp.net/blog/2011/a-profiler-for-python-extensions/
date:       2011-04-06
author:     Fabian Pedregosa
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - yep
    - python
    - profiling
    - profiler
    - cc
    - pprof
    - options
    - flags like
    - existing
    - message
    - google
    - question
    - vector
    - machines outputs
    - pypi
    - sucks
---

Profiling Python extensions has not been a pleasant experience for me,
so I made my own package to do the job. Existing alternatives were
either hard to use, forcing you to recompile with custom flags like
gprofile or desperately slow like valgrind/callgrind. The package I'll
talk about is called [YEP](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/yep) and is designed to be:

1. Unobtrusive: no recompiling, no custom linking. Just lauch & profile.

1. Fast: waiting sucks.

1. Easy to use.


## Basic usage

YEP is distributed as a python module and can be downloaded from the
pypi. After installation, it is executed by giving the **-m yep**
flags to the interpreter. Without any arguments, it will just print a
help message:

Say you want to profile a script called
my_script.py, then the way to quickly get a profiler report is to
execute:

For example,
running YEP on [this example](http://scikit-learn.sourceforge.net/auto_examples/grid_search_digits.html) that makes use of [libsvm](http://www.csie.ntu.edu.tw/~cjlin/libsvm), a C++
library for Support Vector Machines, outputs

The last column prints the name of the functions, so just looking at
those that start with svm:: gives you an overview of how our libsvm is
spending its time.

## Other usages

Calling YEP without the -v will create a my_script.py.prof file that
can be analyzed with pprof (google-pprof on some systems). pprof has a
huge range of options, letting you to filter on some funtions, output to
ghostview or print a line-by-line profiling, to mention a few. For
example, you can generate a call graph with the command: [cc] $ pprof
--gv /usr/bin/python my_script.py.prof [/cc]

## More control

If you would like to manually start/stop the profiler rather than
profile the whole script, you can use the functions yep.start() and
yep.stop() inside a python script. This will write the profile to a
given filename, so make sure the directory is writable: [cc
lang="python"] import yep yep.start('out.prof') # will create an
out.prof file # do something ... yep.stop() [/cc]

## Future work

The -v option showed at the beginning is just a dirty hack that launches
pprof and pipes the output into less. A more robust approach would be to
read the resulting profile from python and manipulate it from there,
either to std or to [pstats](http://docs.python.org/library/profile.html#pstats.Stats) format. This shouldn't be too difficult as
the pprof format is described [here](http://google-perftools.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/doc/cpuprofile-fileformat.html)

## Acknowledgment

The original idea to use google-perftools to profile Python extensions
was given on this [Stack overflow question](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2615153/profiling-python-c-extensions)
