---
layout:     post
title:      The Best Way To Learn New Things
subtitle:   转载自：http://www.micfarris.com/2013/08/the-best-way-to-learn-new-things/
date:       2013-08-30
author:     Mic Farris
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - launched books
    - book called
---

I’ve launched books that’ve failed.  I did a book called “E-mails Addresses of the Rich and Famous” – Roger Ebert got really mad at me.  I’ve made videotapes that didn’t work; I’ve made books that didn’t work.

My lesson was: If I fail more than you do, I win, because built into that lesson is this notion that you get to keep playing.  If you get to keep playing, you get to keep failing, and sooner or later, you’re going to make it succeed.

The people who lose are either the ones who don’t fail at all and get stuck, or ones who fail *so* big they don’t get to play again…

If you’re talking to a pacemaker assemblyman or an airline pilot, they don’t try stuff; they don’t say, “I wonder what happens if I do *this*,” and we’re really glad they don’t do that, because the cost of failing is greater than the cost of discovering what works and what doesn’t.

But almost no one I know builds pacemakers and I don’t know airline pilots.  Most of us now live in a world where the kind of failure I’m talking about isn’t fatal at all.  If you post a blog post and it doesn’t resonate with people, post another one tomorrow.  If you tweet something and no one retweets it, tweet again in an hour.  If you’re obsessed with doing what everyone else is doing, because of someone saying “you failed,” then you’re in really big trouble.
