---
layout:     post
title:      Robust Regression and Outlier Detection via Gaussian Processes
subtitle:   转载自：http://bugra.github.io/work/notes/2014-05-11/robust-regression-and-outlier-detection-via-gaussian-processes/
date:       2014-05-11
author:     Bugra Akyildiz
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - regressions
    - models
    - linear regression
    - data
    - flexible
    - flexibility
    - signals
    - nonparametric
    - relation
    - dependent
    - dependencies
    - analytical
    - robust
    - series
    - called
---

Previously, I wrote [outlier detection using FFT and Median Filtering](http://bugra.github.io/work/notes/2014-03-31/outlier-detection-in-time-series-signals-fft-median-filtering) and [outlier detection via MCMC](http://bugra.github.io/work/notes/2014-04-26/outlier-detection-markov-chain-monte-carlo-via-pymc). This post will be third in outlier detection series.

In the last post, I showed after removal of the outliers, one can do a linear regression on the remaining data which is called **robust linear regression**. However, instead of detecting the outliers then fit the regression model, we can do better. Choose a model that is robust to outliers and flexible enough to capture all main signal by excluding the outliers. But not necessarily very opinionated so that we would have some flexibility what we could capture the data as well.

### Nonparametric Regression[¶](http://bugra.github.io/work/notes/2014-05-11/robust-regression-and-outlier-detection-via-gaussian-processes#Nonparametric-Regression)

Nonparametric regression provides such a mechanism. It does not make any assumption on the data and does not necessarily enforce anything on the data. By doing so, it provides great flexibility and if your signal happens to be something that the nonparametric regressions's base distribution can fit, you are in luck. However, in order to fully exploit nonparametric model, one needs more data than what she needs in the parametric model case as the data will also create the structure. Therefore, nonparametric models would work best when there is abundance of data available.

#### Why nonparametric regression instead of model dependent(say Linear Regression)?[¶](http://bugra.github.io/work/notes/2014-05-11/robust-regression-and-outlier-detection-via-gaussian-processes#Why-nonparametric-regression-instead-of-model-dependent(say-Linear-Regression)?)

- Basic linear regression model assumes that errors are independent. However, generally speaking, this condition does not hold true. It is not true for time-series signals as time-series has high temporal dependencies. 

- Flexible representation to capture. Parametric approaches are restricted the model and parameters whereas nonparametric approaches are more flexible. They are also constrained so-called hyper parameters but do not suffer as much as parametric methods.

- Model is constructed what data suggests.

- Relation between observations and raw data is not linear even if it looks like linear. We are trying to summarize a richer relation into an intercept and slope. This not only captures a very approximate relation but also may lead wrong conclusions.

- Basically, we need better models which capture the richness of data.


One of the most commonly used nonparametric models are Gaussian processes. They can be used both for regression and also for classification purposes. It brings to the table flexible priors(Gaussian as you could guess) and also nonparametric approach to the regression world. Not only that but it also provides best linear unbiased estimate(so-called BLUE) for the prediction. This behavior significantly differs from spline-like regression where they only provide smoothness guarantee, based on the regularization term. 
So, you could approach to the problem in a Bayesian setting out of the box. Due to nice functionalities of Gaussian distribution, the solution for the posterior distribution can be solved analytical expressions.
