---
layout:     post
title:      Simple Bayesian Network via Monte Carlo Markov Chain
subtitle:   转载自：http://bugra.github.io/work/notes/2014-05-23/simple-bayesian-network-via-monte-carlo-markov-chain-mcmc-pymc/
date:       2014-05-23
author:     Bugra Akyildiz
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - networks
    - probability
    - probabilities
    - variables
    - graph
    - represents
    - called
    - causal
    - nodes represent
    - probabilistic
    - suggests
    - mcmc
    - directed
    - random
---

After I put some material to the blog around Monte Carlo Markov Chain, I get some emails which ask how to do apply MCMC in Bayesian Networks. To keep DRY and KISS principles in mind, here is my attempt to explain the one of the most simple Bayesian Network via MCMC using PyMC, Sprinkler.

Bayesian Networks also known as Belief Networks are a particular subset of probabilistic graphical models(Directed Acyclic Graph). Graphical models are useful in a number of ways as they combine graph theory, machine learning and statistics. They provide a good representation to model the probabilistic structures between random variables. Nodes represent random variables where the edges represent probabilistic dependency, namely conditional probability between two variables(given parent variable, the probability of child variable). The edges are important as they are directed and they show a direct relation between two random variables which makes it easy to both reason about the network structure and also provides a reasonably simple way to compute the joint probabilities between two random variables if we know the prior probability of the parent variable. The structure also implicitly suggests that the two variables that are nondescendents of each other are independent. Therefore, the influence of one variable is limited to its descendents. Similarly if the node(random variable) does not have any connection to parent nodes, then its edge proabability is called **unconditional** as it does not have any influence from other variables whereas other edges that are *influenced* called **conditional** as you might guess.

> Note that the conditionality does not necessarily suggest a causal ralationship between two random variables. For Bayesian NEtwork to be a causal network, the relations between two random variables need to be explicitly causal in order to infer any causal structure in the network.


### Formal Definition[¶](http://bugra.github.io/work/notes/2014-05-23/simple-bayesian-network-via-monte-carlo-markov-chain-mcmc-pymc#Formal-Definition)

A Bayesian Network $N$ is a Directed Acyclic Graph which defines a Joint Probability Distribution over random variables.


where $N$ represents the graph which is defined over $X_1, X_2, \ldots, X_K$ random variables, then Joint Probability Distribution could be written as in the following:

where $\theta_{X_i|\pi_i} = P_N(X_i|\pi_i) $
