---
layout:     post
title:      Entropy and Perplexity on Image and Text
subtitle:   转载自：http://bugra.github.io/work/notes/2014-05-16/entropy-perplexity-image-text/
date:       2014-05-16
author:     Bugra Akyildiz
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - interval
    - confidence
    - p_i
    - simultaneously takes
    - fair coin
    - flipping
---

Today, I was looking at the confidence interval(the last thing that I remember anyway) and one thing led to another in the wikipedia(which does not happen at all!), I landed on the [Diversity Index](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diversity_index) page. If you are familiar with information theory or entropy, you will get a feeling that I know this from somewhere:

> A diversity index is a quantitative measure that reflects how many different types (such as species) there are in a dataset, and simultaneously takes into account how evenly the basic entities (such as individuals) are distributed among those types. The value of a diversity index increases both when the number of types increases and when evenness increases.


The last sentence seems to be somehow related to entropy, no? Wait, it gets better.

> For diversity of order one, an alternative equation is
$$ D^1 = exp(-\displaystyle\sum_{i=1}^R p_i\ln p_i) $$


This is nothing but exponentiated entropy where the entropy defined as:

where they mentioned Shannon Entropy index in the remaining article. Apparently, information theory gets itself into ecology quite successfully.

Entropy measures uncertainty in the outcome of a stochastic process. The more uncertainty the data has, the more entropy it has. Similarly, the reverse also holds true. Very simple example, a fair coin has the maximum entropy that it could possible has 1 for `log2` base(maximum uncertainty). The coin has two faces has min entropy(0) as we already know the outcome of the flipping coin.

In this post, I will look at the entropy, perplexity concepts on text and image. What are they useful and how we can use it, all in Python as you could tell from the Ipython notebook.
