---
layout:     post
title:      Learning Swift Part 1
subtitle:   转载自：http://bugra.github.io/work/notes/2015-02-13/learning-swift-part-1/
date:       2015-02-13
author:     Bugra Akyildiz
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - typed
    - types
    - strings
    - writing
    - developers
    - development
    - explicitly
    - write object
    - nil
    - programming
    - conversion
    - objective
    - swift
    - optionality
    - functionality
    - functions
    - nice
    - behaves
    - dictionaries
    - dictionary
    - concatenation
    - concatenate
    - assigning
    - assigned
    - assignment
    - declaration
    - declare variables
    - returns
---

I have recently become interested in the very new programming language as it 
provides a sweetspot for iOS developers who are tired writing Objective-C. 

I spent about 5 hours looking at its syntax and functionality; I must say it feels
mostly Scala to me. There are places where syntax is much simpler and sometimes
feels like a dynamic programming language; yet it is statically typed language where
functions are first class citizens and you could write object oriented programming
if you want to; very much like Scala. 

I really liked the Playground, it feeld like a REPL and allows you to see the
changes and expressions evaluated in real time. For iterative process, it is 
equivalent of IPython for Python which I use all the time for development.

The things that I did not like; they still somehow need to maintain legacy 
Objective-c interoperability which makes some of the interfaces quite complicated 
to deal with, also some of the types are carried to the Swift. The language has been
around 2011 and it is new which means it is quite immature in terms of development 
ecosystem as well as libraries. However, the last one seems likely to disappear 
as more and more developers opt-in using Swift over Objective-c.

### Type Inference

From Javaland, most people complain how verbose it is. There are many reasons
for verbosity in java, but one of the most important lacking thing in Java is 
type inference. You not only need to express the type in the declaration of a 
variable but also you need to give the type arguments when you are assigning it.
When I saw Scala, I thought this is a clear improvement for statically typed languages
and Swift follows the same path. When you declare variables or assigning them, you
do not need to explicitly write the information, compiler will interfere the type
for you.

### Explicit Types vs Implicit Types

However, you *could* always use explicit type:

### `var` to make variable and `let` to make it constant

Constants cannot be assigned twice. When you declare the variable as constant, you
kind of removed possibility of using variable again.

### No Implicit Type Conversion

Strong statically typed languages do not allow you to combine oranges with apples for
good reason. Swift(even in string concatenation) follows this convention. You cannot
concatenate doubles with strings, you need to explicitly convert the integer or 
double to String before you concatenate the strings.

But this is ugly apart from the fact that you need to do explicit conversion, you
need to also handle string concatenation. Swift provides a nice formatting for this
type of formatting the string:

which is much nicer to read and not string conversion.

### Arrays and Dictionaries

Apart from Integer, String, Double and all of the primitive data structures, there 
are dictionary-like structures and array-like structures, which are called `dictionary`
and `array`.
They both use `[]` but `:` makes the difference between elements. `:` signifies key
value pair relationship whereas commas would only signify the order in the array.

As in the string, integer and double; you do not need to give the types of key, value
pairs of dictionary, or the elements in the array.

You could initialize the arrays with type, but you do not have to.

Syntax is somehow similar to Python except the `{}`. If you access a key that does
not exist, it does not prompt an error unlike Python. It returns simply `nil`.

### Conditionals

`for-in` loop behaves exactly in Python except the `{}`. This time other way around.

where you traverse the array.

### Optionality

You could define optional strings as well, based on check, you could check if there 
is a value or not. Since you cannot pass a string to if block and expect it to be 
evaluated false(like “” in Python), nil value in Optional provides a nice way to
provide such functionality.

### `Switch` Block

### Functions

First thing is that, functions are first-class citizens. You could pass them around,
define one inside of another, write your function which returns a function and so on.

Function signature is almost same with Scala except `func` and `->` to show the
return type, other than that type assignment, order are same. Since developers write
“Hello World” and fibonacci computation all the time(this is how we make our living
after all), let’s see how one could write a fibonacci number computation in Swift.

We are defining a function which takes an integer and returns an integer. That was
easy.

What if we want to get all the parameters and do something in the function? As long
as the types are same, we could use `...` in parameter declaration in the function to collect
all of the parameters in a list.

Assume that the parameters is given in order(for median).

One of the cool things about functions is, you could return tuples(pretty much same
with Python and Scala), but you could access both by position AND by name. Isn’t that
convenient? 

That is pretty cool. 
