---
layout:     post
title:      Intro to Recommender Systems： Collaborative Filtering
subtitle:   转载自：http://blog.ethanrosenthal.com/2015/11/02/intro-to-collaborative-filtering/
date:       2015-11-02
author:     Ethan Rosenthal
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - written
    - andrew
    - datasets
    - jupyter notebook
    - movielens dataset
    - enjoyed
    - ng
    - classic
    - ecommmerce
    - company
---

I've written before about how much I enjoyed Andrew Ng's Coursera Machine Learning course. However, I also mentioned that I thought the course to be lacking a bit in the area of recommender systems. After learning basic models for regression and classification, recommmender systems likely complete the triumvirate of machine learning pillars for data science.

Working at an ecommmerce company, I think a lot about recommender systems and would like to provide an introduction to basic recommendation models. The goal of a recommendation model is to present a ranked list of objects given an input object. Typically, this ranking is based on the similarity between the input object and the listed objects. To be less vague, one often wants to either present similar products to a given product or present products that are personally recommended for a given user.

The astounding thing is that if one has enough user-to-product data (ratings, purchases, etc...), then no other information is necessary to make decent recommendations. This is quite different than regression and classification problems where one must explore various features in order to boost a model's predictive powers.

For this introduction, I'll use the MovieLens dataset - a classic dataset for training recommendation models. It can be obtained from the GroupLens website. There are various datasets, but the one that I will use below consists of 100,000 movie ratings by users (on a 1-5 scale). The main data file consists of a tab-separated list with user-id (starting at 1), item-id (starting at 1), rating, and timestamp as the four fields. We can use bash commands in the Jupyter notebook to download the file and then read it in with pandas.
