---
layout:     post
title:      Trend Estimation Methods for Time Series Signals
subtitle:   转载自：http://bugra.github.io/work/notes/2015-07-24/trend-estimation-methods-time-series-signals/
date:       2015-07-24
author:     Bugra Akyildiz
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - signals
    - highly
    - trending
    - domains
---

Trend estimation in a very broad sense could be defined as a family of methods to be able to detect and predict tendencies and regularities in time series signals. It is generallly highly dependent on the problem domain and application. Therefore, it begs different approaches for every other problem rather than a single solution that works across different domains.

### Why do we do it?[¶](http://bugra.github.io/work/notes/2015-07-24/trend-estimation-methods-time-series-signals#Why-do-we-do-it?)

It is very useful when the raw signal is very volatile and not necessarily useful for processing. What do I mean by that? If you want to compute slope of a noisy signal, derivative of the function will amplify the noise where it attenuates the useful signal. For this type of problem, it would be much better to preprocess the signal first(either a low-pass filter or some other preprocessing step) and then compute the slope on top of "smoothed" signal. We could of course use trend estimation to compute the trend first and then compute the slope on top of the trend, which will provide more accurate results.

### Tell me more[¶](http://bugra.github.io/work/notes/2015-07-24/trend-estimation-methods-time-series-signals#Tell-me-more)

What else? If you have a noisy signal that actually has the definition of volatility inside of it, then you would have hard time to communicate how the signal actually behaves in the long term to other people. When you compute a trend which is right and up, people would understand it is trending or has a certain amount of traction over time.

So, trend estimation is useful, but how are we going to do that?
