---
layout:     post
title:      Python Data Science jobs list into 2018
subtitle:   转载自：http://ianozsvald.com/2017/12/31/python-data-science-jobs-list-into-2018/
date:       2017-12-31
author:     Ian
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - data jobs list
    - recommendations
    - roles
    - pydatalondon
    - dot
    - source
    - oxbotica
    - proposed
    - proposals
    - ian
    - hal
    - ads
    - feel
---

I’ve been building my data-science jobs list for a couple of years now. Almost 800 folk are on the list, they receive an email update once every two weeks containing around seven job ads. Many active members of [PyDataLondon](http://www.meetup.com/PyData-London-Meetup) are on the list.

The ads are mostly London-based, a few spread into Europe. In addition to the jobs I’ve added a “book of the month” and “video of the month” recommendation along with an open source project that is after contributions from the community. If a selection of jobs and educational recommendations every couple of weeks feel like a useful addition to your inbox – join the [mailchimp list here](http://eepurl.com/8QFHD). Your email is never revealed, you’re in control, you can unsubscribe at any time.

> “I’m very grateful for Ian’s job list as it enabled me to find a DS job in an interesting and meaningful domain, and furthermore connected me with likeminded folk. Strongly recommend.” – Frank Kelly, Senior Data Scientist @HAL24K

Companies who have advertised include AHL (our host for [PyDataLondon](https://www.meetup.com/PyData-London-Meetup)), BBC, Channel 4, QBE Insurance, Willis Towers Watson, UCL and Cambridge Universities, HAL24K, Just Eat, Oxbotica, SkyScanner and many more. Roles range from junior to head-of-dept for data science and data engineering, most are permanent roles, some are contract roles.

> “After placing a contract ad on this list I was contacted by a number of high quality and enthusiastic data scientists, who all proposed innovative and exciting solutions to my research problem, and were able to explain their proposals clearly to a non-specialist; the quality of responses was so high that I was presented with a real dilemma in choosing who to work with”. – Hazel Wilkinson, Cambridge University

Anyone can post to the list, PyDataLondon members get to make a first post to the list gratis (I take the time cost as a part of my usual activity of community-building in London). All posts come via me to check that they’re suitable, they go out every two weeks for three iterations. Contact me directly (ian.ozsvald at modelinsight dot io) if you’re interested in making a post.

---

