---
layout:     post
title:      More silliness
subtitle:   转载自：https://www.becomingadatascientist.com/2017/07/29/more-silliness/
date:       2017-07-29
author:     Renee
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - goofy stuff
    - high info
    - whyi
    - data
---

Back before I had so many followers, and it was less stressful to put goofy stuff “in the wild”, [I wrote data science parody lyrics to “Summer of ’69” and “For the Love of Money”](https://www.becomingadatascientist.com/2015/06/08/monday-silliness). Well, a while ago, another idea popped into my head..


and I was reminded of it today by this tweet


So, I wrote it down to share my silliness with you. Enjoy!


Lyrics:

I can fit every pointfeature high info gainbut I’m over you asking me when you know I’m not okayI learned really wellfrom the training that nightand though I can classify you know I’m just not right

I can’t generalizeI’m overfitToo complexI’m overfitTricked by noiseI’m overfitI’m overfitI’m over

Wanting you to be wanting meBut, my low accuracyTo outliers I’m sensitiveBecause I’m so overI’m overfitMoving on, it’s too lateI didn’t pass cross validateTried so hard to relateand now I’m so… so overfit!

You can go get more pointsBuild more models to helpYou can regularlize with layers that drop out

Oh that’s why I’m doneI’m overfitWas fun butI’m overfitI’m not the oneI’m overfitI’m overfitI’m over

Wanting you to be wanting meBut, my low accuracyTo outliers I’m sensitiveBecause I’m so overI’m overfitMoving on, it’s too lateI didn’t pass cross validateTried so hard to data relateand now I’m so… so overfit!

Don’t ask me to classifyAin’t no use don’t ask me whyI’ll never changeUnless… tweak my parameters and run me again

Wanting you to be wanting meBut, my low accuracyTo outliers I’m sensitiveBecause I’m so overI’m overfitMoving on, it’s too lateI didn’t pass cross validateTried so hard to relateand now I’m so… so overfit!
