---
layout:     post
title:      Kaggle Challenge - Event Recommendation Engine
subtitle:   转载自：http://datalab.lu/blog/2013/02/21/kaggle-event-recommentation-engine/
date:       2018-07-19
author:     未知
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - event
    - location
    - friends
    - friend_no
    - features
    - variable
    - values
    - numerical value
    - converted
    - city
    - errors
    - scored
---

***time_diff*** - From early beginning I found that the difference between when the event is scheduled to begin and when the user saw the event ad is important feature which is easy to derive.

***popularity*** - How many users said they are interested in the event.

***start_hour*** - Turns out, that it is important to know at what hour an event is going to begin.

***friends*** - The name of this feature might be misleading, nevertheless it keeps how many user friends are invited to the event.

***joinedAt*** The difference between year when the user joined the service and 2000-01-01. I was surprised to find, that such feature has weight at all.

***timezone*** Had few NA values which I replaced by 0. Then I converted timezone numerical value into factor of two hours: 14-12, 12-10 and etc.

***birthyear*** Numeric value.

***weekdays*** On which weekday did the event happen? (Monday, Tuesday and etc).

***friend_yes, friend_no, friend_maybe*** Number of friends which are interested, not interested or maybe in the event.

***c_XXX All c_xxxx*** features were used without preprocessing.

***locale*** I used the first two letter of locale variable.

***location_mat*** Once I found, that external sources such as Google maps are forbidden then I tried to determine if user location shares the same words with event country, state and city descriptions. If it does I would add +1 (max 3) for location_mat variable.

***distance*** (forbidden) the feature scored high, but I had to remove it. The first step was to obtain latitude and longitude for users with known location. If you are interested here is the [source code](https://github.com/kafka399/kaggle-event/blob/master/address.r) which shows how easily it can be done in R. Need to say, that I did manual and automated data cleaning - converted states names and some frequent errors like “City name 19”. Once I had the coordinates of the users I was able to calculate the distance to event. Then I used k-means to predict user location for those who did not specified it, based on friends location. For example if 5 out of 8 friends of the user are based in Indonesia then user is given Indonesia location and distance to the event is calculated. Here’s the [source code](https://github.com/kafka399/kaggle-event/blob/master/user_friends_coord.r) for prediction of user location.
