---
layout:     post
title:      Don't Pickle Your Data
subtitle:   转载自：http://www.benfrederickson.com/dont-pickle-your-data/
date:       2018-07-19
author:     未知
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - python
    - pickle module
    - serialization
    - serialized
    - serializing
    - data
    - objects
    - json
    - code
    - memcache
    - security
    - secure
    - modules likes
    - benchmark
    - arbitrary
    - warning
    - email
    - directory
    - issues
    - shell prompt
    - maliciously
    - attacker
    - prompting
    - generated
---

Pretty much every Python programmer out there has broken down at one point and
and used the '[pickle](http://docs.python.org/2/library/pickle.html)' module for writing objects out to disk.

The advantage of using pickle is that it can serialize pretty much any Python
object, without having to add any extra code. Its also smart in that in will
only write out any single object once, making it effective to store recursive
structures like graphs. For these reasons pickle is usually the default
serialization mechanism in Python, used in modules likes
[python-memcached](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/python-memcached).

However, using pickle is still a terrible idea that should be avoided whenever
possible.

#### Pickle is slow

Pickle is both slower and produces larger serialized values than most of the
alternatives.

To illustrate this, I put together a simple benchmark comparing pickle to the
built in [JSON module](http://docs.python.org/2.7/library/json.html), the
[Apache Thrift](http://thrift.apache.org/) library, and
[MessagePack](http://msgpack.org/). This benchmark measures the number of
objects a second each of these libraries can read and write. The data being
serialized here are just randomly generated fake 'Tweet' objects containing
just four fields:






Pickle is the clear underperformer here. Even the 'cPickle' extension thats
written in C has a serialization rate thats about a quarter that of JSON or
Thrift. Pickle also produces serialized values that are around double the size of
Thrift or MessagePack.

I've put the code for this benchmark up on
github
for those that are interested.

#####  Update Feb 13: 

#### Pickle is a security risk

Another reason not to use pickle is that unpickling malicious data can cause
security issues, including [arbitrary code execution](http://www.cs.jhu.edu/~s/musings/pickle.html).

An example that the brave and foolish can try is below. Unpickling the data
there will open a shell prompt that will delete all the files in your home
directory:

Thankfully this command will prompt you before deleting each file, but its a single character change to the data to make it
delete all your files without prompting (`r/i/f/`). Even worse, an attacker could use pickle to get
remote shell access to your
computer.

Its not like this is an unknown issue. The pickle
module even comes with a big warning about this right in the documentation:

> Warning: The pickle module is not intended to be secure against erroneous or
maliciously constructed data. Never unpickle data received from an untrusted
 or unauthenticated source.

But its not always clear that your data hasn't been altered since you wrote it. Say for instance
that an attacker gains access to your network, but can't yet run any code on
your servers. If you are using the default python-memcached bindings, all the attacker has to
do is make a network call to your memcache server to set a carefully chosen
pickle value, and wait for it to be read back in. Once your Python process reads
in the data, whatever code the attacker wants will be running on your server.

#### Just use JSON

For most common tasks, just use JSON for serializing your data. Its fast enough,
human readable, doesn't cause security issues, and can be parsed in all
programming languages that are worth knowing. MessagePack is also a good
alternative, I was surprised by how well it performed in the benchmark I put
together.

Pickle on the other hand is slow, insecure, and can be only parsed in Python.
The only real advantage to pickle is that it can serialize arbitrary Python
objects, whereas both JSON and MessagePack have limits on the type of data
they can write out. Given the downsides though, its worth writing the little bit of
code necessary to convert your objects to a JSON-able form if your code is ever
going to be used by people other than yourself.


Published on 12 February 2014


#### Get new posts by email!

Enter your email address to get an email whenever I write a new post:
