---
layout:     post
title:      Writing Python Extensions In Rust Using PyO3
subtitle:   转载自：http://www.benfrederickson.com/writing-python-extensions-in-rust-using-pyo3/
date:       2018-07-19
author:     未知
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - rust
    - extensions
    - building
    - builds
    - wheel versions
    - package
    - code
    - pyo
    - files
    - c library
    - cffi
    - installed
    - installing
    - installs
    - project
    - demangle
    - requiring
    - required
    - requires
    - pretty
    - posts
    - writing
    - write
    - travis
    - crate
    - cibuildwheels
    - tutorial
    - email
    - character
    - environment
    - github
    - extra
    - documentation
    - appveyor
    - cpython
    - languages
    - specific language
    - complicated
    - types
    - uploaded
---

I've been writing some code in Rust recently, and I thought it would be cool if I could take some
of this Rust code and provide it as a native extension that I can call from Python. It turns out
there are some amazing tools like [PyO3](https://github.com/PyO3/pyo3) that make it easy to write fully featured
Python extensions in Rust, with considerably less effort than writing a CPython extension manually.

To test out PyO3 I wrote a small Python extension in Rust, and I thought I would share some of the
tips and tricks I encountered in getting this going. This post aims to serve as a quick tutorial
showing how to write extensions in Rust, talking about why you might want to use something more
powerful than just exposing a C library called using CFFI, and how PyO3 lets you write Python aware extensions in Rust.
This post also goes through how to integrate your Rust code with setuptools, and automatically building Python wheels for your
Rust extension using [cibuildwheel](https://github.com/joerick/cibuildwheel).

The end result is a Python extension that can be distributed through PyPI without even usually requiring a
rust compiler on the machine it will be installed on!

All the [code for this post is up on my GitHub account](https://github.com/benfred/py-cpp-demangle).

### Rust Extensions with CFFI

For the examples in this post, I decided to wrap the [cpp-demangle](https://github.com/gimli-rs/cpp_demangle) crate. This crate
provides [code to demangle C++ linker symbols](http://fitzgeraldnick.com/2017/02/22/cpp-demangle.html) into something that is human readable and lets you build
tools like c++filt on top of it.

The nice thing about this library is that the API is pretty simple:
we just to need to expose a function that takes a string as an input, and returns another string as an output
and raise an exception if it fails.

To expose this code from Rust to Python, there are a couple of different approaches you could take.
The simplest approach is to expose a C ABI from your Rust program:

After compiling this into a shared library, you can call from python using the [CFFI](http://cffi.readthedocs.io/en/latest)
package:

See [this post](https://bheisler.github.io/post/calling-rust-in-python) for more complicated examples of using
a C ABI and CFFI to call Rust code from Python. Another cool project to look at that helps build CFFI extensions in
Rust is [milksnake](https://github.com/getsentry/milksnake).

The big problem with this approach is that this limits us to a C ABI. Both Rust and Python are safe
languages and requiring going to a lower level C library interface adds a lot of extra complexity and potential
for errors. You can see this in the example above, you need to pass in an allocated character array with
enough storage to hold the output - which seems needlessly primitive these days. Also having the extension
just return a non-zero error code on failure loses some information on why this failed.

### Writing Rust Extensions with PyO3

The [PyO3](https://github.com/PyO3/pyo3) project aims to let you have full access to Python programs from Rust. This includes both
embedding Python in Rust programs and creating Rust extensions that can be called from Python.

The approach is similar to the one taken by [pybind11](https://github.com/pybind/pybind11) for creating extensions in C++. In both cases,
CPython extensions are written by using a library that acts like a domain specific language for building Python extensions.
Each library will take the input code and compile it to a CPython extension with almost all the ordinary boilerplate taken care of for you.
With PyO3 this is done by using [procedural macros](https://tinkering.xyz/introduction-to-proc-macros) in Rust to convert the Rust code into a full-fledged CPython extension.

Using PyO3 to wrap the cpp_demangle crate looks like this:

There are a couple of cool details that PyO3 is taking care of here. Its automatically converting Rust strings into Python strings, and will raise
a ValueError in Python if the cpp_demangle crate returns an error. The various macros used will even take the rust documentation strings and map them to
 python docstrings - meaning that we can use doctest to test out that this all works like we expect from python!

Once this is all built, you can call this code directly from python, without having to mess around with CFFI:

Not only is the Rust code shorter and easier to manage, this approach completely removes needing CFFI bindings in Python. The [PyO3 documentation](https://pyo3.rs/v0.2.7) has much more detail on how to expose more complicated types.

### Integrating with setuptools with setuptools-rust

We don't just want this code to build, we want to hook into the setuptools infrastructure so that it looks and feels like any other python package.

The [setuptools-rust](https://github.com/PyO3/setuptools-rust) package lets us do this by adding support for building Rust extensions to setuptools. All that is required is adding a setuptools_rust extension to your setup.py file, which looks a little like this:

This will build the code referenced in your 'Cargo.toml' file, and automatically make it so that that setuptools will automatically build the extension and link against the
appropriate version of python. It also handles installing the built location so that it can be imported from Python.

To build the Rust extension, you just need to specify a Cargo.toml specifying the dependencies:

With these files in place, running `python setup.py test` from the same directory will build
the complete extension and run the unittests that are embedded in the docstrings in the rust code!

### Building wheels using cibuildwheel

The downside of this approach so far is that it requires a nightly version of the rust compiler, since PyO3 is
using Rust features that haven't landed in Rust stable yet. It also requires the setuptools-rust package to be
installed before calling setup.py. This means that distributing your extension isn't nearly as easy as it should be: just distributing the source
using a sdist package will require extra steps that people must follow to install.

Luckily there is a neat package [cibuildwheel](https://github.com/joerick/cibuildwheel) that can automatically build binary wheel
versions for many different python versions on Linux, Mac OSX, and Windows - and push these wheels to
PyPI on each release for you. With binary wheels pushed to PyPI the end users of the package won't
event need a rust compiler at all on their system, let alone the nightly version that PyO3
requires.

While cibuildwheel documentation is pretty good, getting this working properly with Rust
extensions required some annoying fiddling with the travis and appveyor config files.

The wheels for OSX and Linux are built by cibuildwheel using [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/.). Most of the config for
is in the `.travis.yml` file which looks like:

I've added a little [utility script to my project to install the nightly rust version](https://github.com/benfred/py-cpp-demangle/blob/master/ci/install_rust.sh)
for the Linux and OSX builds, and it is kicked off by setting the CIBW_BEFORE_BUILD environment variable appropriately. This can't be directly added to the
travis.yml file since the building the wheels happens in a couple of docker containers, so we need to instruct cibuildwheels to build and install rust inside the container.
CIBW_BEFORE_BUILD also installs the setuptools-rust package for each version of python before it runs. PyO3 doesn't support Python3.4 and earlier so I'm excluding that target
using the CIBW_SKIP environment variable. I'm also using CIBW_SKIP to split building the 32bit / 64bit wheels into separate jobs on travis so that this all happens a little faster.

Likewise for Windows, we have to configure appveyor to build the project, which leads to an appveyor.yml file like:

I failed to get the 64 bit wheel for Python2.7 to build on windows so I disabled that here (the 32 bit version builds fine).

The wheels will build on every commit, but will only get pushed to PyPI when you tag a new release in git. This requires you to enter the TWINE_PASSWORD
into the appveyor and travis server configuration, and then create a new git tag to trigger the PyPI upload.

This can be done pretty easily with the [bump2version](https://github.com/c4urself/bump2version) package. Running this in a console at your project
directory will bump the patch number, upload everything to GitHub and kick off a build on travis/appveyor that will upload the built wheels to PyPI:

After the build has finished, you should be able to head over to
PyPI and see the list of uploaded wheels in the 'Download Files' section. There should
 be 19 different wheels with various combinations of Python 2.7/3.5/3.6/3.7 for Linux/Mac OSX/Windows operating systems for both 32/64 bit targets:



Now when people go `pip install cpp_demangle` (or whatever your package name is), they will pick up one of the prebuilt wheels - which will let them
use your code without even knowing that is built in Rust!

All the [code for this post is up on my GitHub account](https://github.com/benfred/py-cpp-demangle) as a sample project of getting this working.


Published on 21 June 2018


#### Get new posts by email!

Enter your email address to get an email whenever I write a new post:
