---
layout:     post
title:      Calculating the intersection area of 3+ circles
subtitle:   转载自：http://www.benfrederickson.com/calculating-the-intersection-of-3-or-more-circles/
date:       2018-07-19
author:     未知
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - circles
    - intersection areas
    - quadtree
    - circle case
    - methods
    - javascript
    - arcs
    - bounding
    - final
    - venn
    - randomly
    - approximation
    - approximated
    - polygons
    - carlo
    - months
    - contained
    - email
    - easy
    - estimation
    - estimate
    - browser
    - evaluation time
    - recursively
    - recurse
    - approaches
---

While attempting to learn Javascript and D3.js a couple months ago, I wrote a
little library for displaying area proportional venn
diagrams.

One thing this library didn't do though is consider the intersection areas of
3 or more circles when placing each set in the venn diagram. Its a trickier
problem than I first thought, mainly because of all the special cases that can
arise when the number of circles gets large. While the 2 circle case is a simple calculus
problem, I failed to extend this solution to calculate the intersection area
of an arbitrary number of circles.

The research papers I read on this both avoided calculating the circle
intersection by using approximation techniques. One paper approximated the circles using
polygons
and used polygon intersection techniques to get the area, and the other
approximated by plotting each circle and using binary indexing to compute the
area. I
tried out the latter approach, but found it to be too slow for realtime use.

Since then, I've had some ideas on different approaches to this problem that I wanted to try out.
To keep up with learning D3, I also thought I'd try visualizing each approach here.

### Monte Carlo Estimation

One of these ideas was to run a Monte Carlo
simulation to try to figure
this out.

Its an exceedingly simple approach: just randomly sample a bunch of
points, and compute the ratio of points that are inside all the circles. The
area of the intersection is approximately this ratio multiplied by the size of the bounding
rectangle.

I thought of using this method after seeing someone use a Monte Carlo
simulation to estimate
Pi - and
it seemed like a pretty easy tweak to extend to handle multiple circles. I've
included the 1 circle case to include that estimate here:

##### Note: you need Javascript enabled and a SVG compatible browser to
view the diagrams here!

Its looking like you're missing javascript, or
are running an old web browser that doesn't support SVG. If no diagrams show
up then you might want to consider loading this up in a different browser.
I've tested this with Chrome, Safari and Firefox only.





|Area: |0|
|Ratio: |0 / 0|
|Error: |0 %|

When I remove all the visualization overhead, my laptop can sample about 10
million points a second. Taking a sample of 10k points happens in around a
millisecond, and is accurate to within an percentage point or so. Which isn't really an awesome result, unless you're the kind of person comfortable with your
estimate of Pi being 3.15. Also even a millisecond evaluation time leads to
noticeable lag in my use case, since I have to compute this hundreds of times.
On the plus side, its a very easy method to implement.

### Quadtree Approximation

Another idea I had was to decompose the intersection area recursively using a [Quadtree](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quadtree) style approach.

Since the intersection areas here are convex, a rectangle is fully contained
inside the intersection area if all four of its corners are inside. So the
idea here is just to divide the region recursively into 4 rectangles, and
check if the corners of these rectangles are contained in each circle. If
all the corners are inside all the circles, we don't need to recurse. Likewise we don't
need to recurse if all the corners are outside all the circles (assuming an
initial bounding rectangle that is tight around the intersection area):




|Area: |0 +/- 1|
|Rectangle Count: |0|
|Tree Depth: |0|
|Error: |0 %|

I didn't bother benchmarking this one, because as I was looking at it I
finally figured out a way to calculate the intersection area without resorting
to using an approximation.

### An Exact Solution

The key here is that each intersection area is just a polygon, with an extra
circle arc bulging outwards from every line segment:




|Area: |0|
|Polygon Area: |0|
|Arc Area: |0|

0

The polygon can be found by examining all the possible intersection points for all
pairs of circles. The intersection points that are inside all the circles
define the perimeter of the polygon. After sorting these points by their angle
from the centre of the polygon, its relatively
straightforward to
calculate the area of the polygon.

Calculating the area of each circle arc is a little trickier. For each line
segment on the inner polygon, there can be many circles that link both
points - and for each circle there are two different arcs between the two
points. We need to pick the arc that lies in the right direction, which can be
done in a bunch of ways: I'm doing this by picking the arc that has an angle
between the angle of the two points of the line segment. The
circle is the one where the arc has the smallest distance to the line segment. Finally the area is computed by integrating the circle up to the width of the arc.

### Final Thoughts

I've put the code up on
github,
and changed my [venn.js library](http://github.com/benfred/venn.js) to use
the exact method when calculating the loss function for 3+ sets.

While not fast enough or accurate enough for my use case, both of the approximation
methods came in useful in testing out the exact solution. I generated a million random
layouts and tested that the exact solution was within the error bound given by the quadtree
approximation. If the answers didn't match up, I investigated manually using the monte carlo estimate
to figure out if it was the quadtree method or the exact method that had the issue. This caught
a bunch of bugs that I don't think I would have caught otherwise, especially with the
quadtree estimate.

In retrospect the exact solution seems really obvious. I think the only reason I
didn't come up with it originally is that I ended up googling for papers on
laying out venn diagrams when I got stuck. Since all the papers I read used
approximation techniques, I went that route instead.


Published on 19 November 2013


#### Get new posts by email!

Enter your email address to get an email whenever I write a new post:
