---
layout:     post
title:      Extracting data from tables in PDF
subtitle:   转载自：https://projectosyo.wixsite.com/datadoubleconfirm/single-post/2018/07/07/Extracting-data-from-tables-in-PDF
date:       2018-07-07
author:     未知
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - table looks like
    - tables
    - extraction
    - agonizing thing
    - output
    - data
    - automated
---

Having data in tables in PDF is probably one of the most agonizing thing for users. It feels as if the data is there but not there. In this post, I cover two resources that allow us to extract data into excel/ csv format. I made use of the U.S. Complement to the End of Childhood Report 2018 as an example here. 

 

 

The first is https://pdftables.com/. 

 

It allows one to upload a PDF and converts the first 25 pages into excel format for free without signing up. 

 

This is how the table looks like upon conversion. You can see some rows are jumbled up. e.g. New Hampshire and Massachusetts somehow got concatenated for the columns Infant deaths and Infant mortality.

 

 

The second one is [Tabula](https://github.com/tabulapdf/tabula). The link points towards their Github page and provides more details relating to how you can use it. 

Somehow I couldn't get it to work at port 8080 but it worked after I changed it to port 9999.  

java -Dfile.encoding=utf-8 -Xms256M -Xmx1024M -Dwarbler.port=9999 -jar tabula.jar

 

You will see this page upon loading successfully. After which you can import PDFs from which you would like to extract data. 

 

 

It allows us to select the area which we would like to extract. Hence we can choose to extract table by table and the output would be different from that of pdftables.com which puts two tables into one sheet.

 

This is how the output looks like.  

 

Both interfaces require some form of human effort in both selection of area for extraction and/ or cleaning. i.e. the process is not fully automated. However, it reduces some manual work from data re-entry.

 
