---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Building Our Own Open Source Supercomputer with R and AWS
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/hqEJj2-TF-E/
date:      2019-02-03
author:      Laurens Geffert
tags:
    - aws_describe
    - running
    - aws_access
    - computing
    - compute
---





**How to build a scaleable computing cluster on AWS and run hundreds orthousands of models in a short amount of time. We will completely rely on R andopen source R packages. This is post 1 out of 2.**



## Introduction

An ever-increasing number of businesses is moving to the cloud and usingplatforms such as Amazon Web Services(AWS)for their data infrastructure. This is convenient forData Scientists like myself because this conversion of tools means that myknowledge from previous jobs becomes much more applicable to a new role andI can hit the ground running.

Lately I have become very excited about the`future`package and how it makes the scaling of computational tasks easy and intuitive.The basic idea of the future package is to make your code infrastructureindependent. Specify your tasks and the `future` execution plan decideshow to run the calculations.

I wanted to see what we could do with `future` and other open source R packagessuch as `aws.ec2` bycloudyR,`ssh`by rOpenSci,`remoter`by Drew Schmidt, and last but not least `furrr`by Davis Vaughan.

The basic idea:

- use R and AWS to spin up our own cloud compute cluster

- log in to the head node and define a computationally expensive task

- farm this task out to a number of worker nodes in our cluster

- do all of this WITHOUT having to switch between RStudio, RStudioServer, the command line, the AWS console, etc.


Why do I care about the last point? Well, Data Science is a science and shouldrely on the Scientific Method.One core component of the Scientific Method is reproducibility, and one of thebest ways to keep your Data Science workflow reproducible is to write code thatcan run start to finish without any user intervention. This also allows forgreater applicability in the future because you can re-use your previous dataproduct or service in the next project without retracing manual steps.Don’t just take my word for it, here is another great HadleyWickham video in which he stresses the same point:


So without further ado, let’s get started implementing that bullet point list!

## Preparation

There are a few basic requirements that need to be in place:

1. an active AWS account.

1. an Amazon Machine Image (`AMI`)with `R`, `remoter`, `tidyverse`, `future`, and `furrr` installed.

1. a working `ssh` key pair on your local machine and the `AMI` that allows youto ssh into and between your `ec2` instances.


Detailed instructions on how to fulfil these basic requirements are beyond thescope of this post. You can find more information in the articles linked below.

## Setup

Load the required packages. Also make sure your AWS access credentials are set.I do this using `Sys.setenv`. There is other ways but I found that this worksbest for me. We also specify the `AMI` ID and the instance type (this is a goodoverview; I am using `t2.micro`here because it is free). If you have any problems with this step, double-check that the region set in `Sys.setenv` matches the region of your AMI.

```
library(aws.ec2)
library(ssh)
library(remoter)
library(tidyverse)

# set access credentials
aws_access <- aws.signature::locate_credentials()
Sys.setenv(
 "AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID" = aws_access$key,
 "AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY" = aws_access$secret,
 "AWS_DEFAULT_REGION" = aws_access$region
)

# set parameters
aws_ami <- "ami-06485bfe40a86470d"
aws_describe <- describe_images(aws_ami)
aws_type <- "t2.micro"

```

Ready for launch!

## Boot and Connect

We can now fire up our head-node instance.

```
ec2inst <- run_instances(
 image = aws_ami,
 type = aws_type)

# wait for boot, then refresh description
Sys.sleep(10)
ec2inst <- describe_instances(ec2inst)

# get IP address of the instance
ec2inst_ip <- get_instance_public_ip(ec2inst)

```

The instance should be running and we can connect to it via ssh in bash.That works, but personally I’d prefer to stay in RStudio instead of switchingto the command line. This is where `remoter` and `ssh` come in. We canestablish an ssh connection straight from our R session and use that to launchthe `remoter::server` on our instance. By using the future package to run thessh command we keep our interactive RStudio session free and can subsequentlyuse it to connect to the instance with `remoter`

```
# ssh connection
username <- system("whoami", intern = TRUE)
con <- ssh_connect(host = paste(username, ec2ip, sep = "@"))

# helper function for a random temporary password
random_tmp_password <- generate_password()
# CMD string to start remoter::server on instance
r_cmd_start_remoter <- str_c(
 "sudo Rscript -e ",
 "'remoter::server(",
 "port = 55555, ",
 "password = %pwd, ",
 "showmsg = TRUE)'",
 collapse = "") %>%
 str_replace("%pwd", str_c('"', random_tmp_password, '"'))

# connect and execute
plan(multicore)
x <- future(
 ssh_exec_wait(
 session = con,
 command = r_cmd_start_remoter))

remoter::client(
 addr = ec2ip,
 port = 55555,
 password = random_tmp_password,
 prompt = "remote")


```

Et Voila! We are connected to our remote head node and can run R codein the cloud without ever leaving the comfort of RStudio. And the amazing bit:all of this took me about a day to set up from scratch!

I will leave it here for now. In the next post we will dive into thedetails of how to scale up the approach above to create an AWS cloud computingcluster. This approach is extremely powerful for embarrassingly parallelproblems (which are actually not embarrassing at all, I swear!)

As always, I hope it is useful for you. I’d very much appreciate any thoughts,comments, and feedback so write me a message below or get in touch via twitter!


*Related*








---
