---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      R for trial and model-based cost-effectiveness analysis
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/OjbmzMQL1b0/
date:      2019-02-06
author:      R on Gianluca Baio
tags:
    - modelling
    - july
    - markov models
    - university
    - workshop
---

**Training event** (8 July): Torrington (1-19) B07 – Teal Room in Torrington Place, 1-19 (), University College London, United Kingdom 

**Main workshop** (9 July): Anatomy G29 J Z Young Lecture Theatre, UCL Medical Sciences and Anatomy (https://goo.gl/maps/biryoFc9CiL2), University College London, United Kingdom. 

## **Background and objectives**

It is our pleasure to announce a workshop and training event on the use of R for trial and model-based cost-effectiveness analysis (CEA). This follows our successful workshop on R for CEA in 2018.

Our event will begin with a **half-day short course** on R for decision trees and Markov models and the use of the BCEA package for graphical and statistical analysis of results; this will be delivered by Gianluca Baio of UCL and Howard Thom of Bristol University.

This will be followed by a **one-day workshop** in which we will present a wide variety of technical aspects by experts from academia, industry, and government institutions (including NICE). Topics will include decision trees, Markov models, discrete event simulation, integration of network meta-analysis, extrapolation of survival curves, and development of R packages. Participants are also invited so submit abstracts for potential oral presentations; workshop and dinner fees will be waived for those presenting. An optional dinner and networking event will be held on the evening of 8th July.

Fees and a preliminary programme are provided below.

|**Event**|**Date**|**Fee**|**Available places**
|------
|Short course introduction to R for CEA modelling|Monday 8 July|£150|20|
|Networking event Dinner|Monday 8 July|£30|60|
|R for CEA workshop|Tuesday 9 July|£60|80|

Registration can be made at [**this**]() webpage.

## **Preliminary Programme**

### Day 1: Introduction to R for Cost-Effectiveness Modelling. Monday 8th July.

- 13:00-13:15. Howard Thom. *Welcome and introductions*

- 13:15-13:30. Howard Thom. *Building a decision tree in R*

- 13:30-14:00. Gianluca Baio. *Using BCEA to summarise outputs of an economic model*

- 14:00-14:30. Practical 1 (Decision trees)

- 14:30-14:45. Coffee break

- 14:45-15:30. Howard Thom. *R for building Markov models*

- 15:30-16:00. Gianluca Baio. *Further use of BCEA*

- 16:00-17:00. Practical 2 (Markov models)


### Day 2: Workshop. Tuesday 9th July.

- 9:30-9:45. Howard Thom. *Welcome*

- 9:45-10:15. Nathan Green. Imperial College London. _Simple, pain-free decision trees in R for the Excel user

- 10:15-10:25 Pedro Saramago. Centre for Health Economics, University of York. *Using R for Markov modelling: an introduction*

- 10:25-11:05. Alison Smith. University of Leeds. *Discrete event simulation models in R*

- 11:05-11:20. Coffee

- 11:20-12:20. Participants oral presentation session (4 speakers, 15 minutes each)

- 12:20-13:45. Lunch

- 13:45-14:00. Gianluca Baio. University College London. *Packing up, shacking up’s (going to be) all you wanna do!. Building packages in R and Github*

- 14:00-14:15. Jeroen Jansen. Innovation and Value Initiative. *State transition models and integration with network meta-analysis*

- 14:15-14:25. Ash Bullement. Delta Hat Analytics, UK. *Fitting and extrapolating survival curves for CEA models*

- 14:25-14:45. Iryna Schlackow. Nuffield Department of Public Health, University of Oxford. *Generic R methods to prepare routine healthcare data for disease modelling*

- 14:45-15:00. Coffee

- 15:00-15:15. *Initiatives for the future and challenges in gaining R acceptance (ISPOR Taskforce, ISPOR Special Interest Group, future of the R for CEA workshop)*

- 15:15-16:30. Participant discussion.

- 16:30-16:45. Anthony Hatswell. *Close and conclusions*


There is no registration deadline, but places are limited so **it is recommended to register soon!**

To submit an abstract, please send it to [email protected] with the subject “R for CEA abstract”. The word limit is 300. Abstract submission deadline is **15 May 2019** and the scientific committee will make decisions on acceptance by 1st June 2018.


*Related*








---
