---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Whats new on arXiv
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/02/27/whats-new-on-arxiv-902/
date:      2019-02-27
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - learned
    - learns
    - modelling
    - modeling
    - new data
---

**Bayesian Regularization: From Tikhonov to Horseshoe**

Bayesian regularization is a central tool in modern-day statistical and machine learning methods. Many applications involve high-dimensional sparse signal recovery problems. The goal of our paper is to provide a review of the literature on penalty-based regularization approaches, from Tikhonov (Ridge, Lasso) to horseshoe regularization.

**Approximate leave-future-out cross-validation for time series models**

One of the common goals of time series analysis is to use the observed series to inform predictions for future observations. In the absence of any actual new data to predict, cross-validation can be used to estimate a model’s future predictive accuracy, for instance, for the purpose of model comparison or selection. As exact cross-validation for Bayesian models is often computationally expensive, approximate cross-validation methods have been developed; most notably methods for leave-one-out cross-validation (LOO-CV). If the actual prediction task is to predict the future given the past, LOO-CV provides an overly optimistic estimate as the information from future observations is available to influence predictions of the past. To tackle the prediction task properly and account for the time series structure, we can use leave-future-out cross-validation (LFO-CV). Like exact LOO-CV, exact LFO-CV requires refitting the model many times to different subsets of the data. Using Pareto smoothed importance sampling, we propose a method for approximating exact LFO-CV that drastically reduces the computational costs while also providing informative diagnostics about the quality of the approximation.

**Exploiting Unlabeled Data in CNNs by Self-supervised Learning to Rank**

For many applications the collection of labeled data is expensive laborious. Exploitation of unlabeled data during training is thus a long pursued objective of machine learning. Self-supervised learning addresses this by positing an auxiliary task (different, but related to the supervised task) for which data is abundantly available. In this paper, we show how ranking can be used as a proxy task for some regression problems. As another contribution, we propose an efficient backpropagation technique for Siamese networks which prevents the redundant computation introduced by the multi-branch network architecture. We apply our framework to two regression problems: Image Quality Assessment (IQA) and Crowd Counting. For both we show how to automatically generate ranked image sets from unlabeled data. Our results show that networks trained to regress to the ground truth targets for labeled data and to simultaneously learn to rank unlabeled data obtain significantly better, state-of-the-art results for both IQA and crowd counting. In addition, we show that measuring network uncertainty on the self-supervised proxy task is a good measure of informativeness of unlabeled data. This can be used to drive an algorithm for active learning and we show that this reduces labeling effort by up to 50%.

**Attention-Based Prototypical Learning Towards Interpretable, Confident and Robust Deep Neural Networks**

We propose a new framework for prototypical learning that bases decision-making on few relevant examples that we call prototypes. Our framework utilizes an attention mechanism that relates the encoded representations to determine the prototypes. This results in a model that: (1) enables interpretability by outputting samples most relevant to the decision-making in addition to outputting the classification results; (2) allows confidence-controlled prediction by quantifying the mismatch across prototype labels; (3) permits detection of distribution mismatch; and (4) improves robustness to label noise. We demonstrate that our model is able to maintain comparable performance to baseline models while enabling all these benefits.

**Deep Modulation Embedding**

Deep neural network has recently shown very promising applications in different research directions and attracted the industry attention as well. Although the idea was introduced in the past but just recently the main limitation of using this class of algorithms is solved by enabling parallel computing on GPU hardware. Opening the possibility of hardware prototyping with proven superiority of this class of algorithm, trigger several research directions in communication system too. Among them cognitive radio, modulation recognition, learning based receiver and transceiver are already given very interesting result in simulation and real experimental evaluation implemented on software defined radio. Specifically, modulation recognition is mostly approached as a classification problem which is a supervised learning framework. But it is here addressed as an unsupervised problem with introducing new features for training, a new loss function and investigating the robustness of the pipeline against several mismatch conditions.

**Private Inner Product Retrieval for Distributed Machine Learning**

In this paper, we argue that in many basic algorithms for machine learning, including support vector machine (SVM) for classification, principal component analysis (PCA) for dimensionality reduction, and regression for dependency estimation, we need the inner products of the data samples, rather than the data samples themselves. Motivated by the above observation, we introduce the problem of private inner product retrieval for distributed machine learning, where we have a system including a database of some files, duplicated across some non-colluding servers. A user intends to retrieve a subset of specific size of the inner products of the data files with minimum communication load, without revealing any information about the identity of the requested subset. For achievability, we use the algorithms for multi-message private information retrieval. For converse, we establish that as the length of the files becomes large, the set of all inner products converges to independent random variables with uniform distribution, and derive the rate of convergence. To prove that, we construct special dependencies among sequences of the sets of all inner products with different length, which forms a time-homogeneous irreducible Markov chain, without affecting the marginal distribution. We show that this Markov chain has a uniform distribution as its unique stationary distribution, with rate of convergence dominated by the second largest eigenvalue of the transition probability matrix. This allows us to develop a converse, which converges to a tight bound in some cases, as the size of the files becomes large. While this converse is based on the one in multi-message private information retrieval, due to the nature of retrieving inner products instead of data itself some changes are made to reach the desired result.

**Towards Improved Testing For Deep Learning**

The growing use of deep neural networks in safety-critical applications makes it necessary to carry out adequate testing to detect and correct any incorrect behavior for corner case inputs before they can be actually used. Deep neural networks lack an explicit control-flow structure, making it impossible to apply to them traditional software testing criteria such as code coverage. In this paper, we examine existing testing methods for deep neural networks, the opportunities for improvement and the need for a fast, scalable, generalizable end-to-end testing method. We also propose a coverage criterion for deep neural networks that tries to capture all possible parts of the deep neural network’s logic.

**A One-Class Support Vector Machine Calibration Method for Time Series Change Point Detection**

It is important to identify the change point of a system’s health status, which usually signifies an incipient fault under development. The One-Class Support Vector Machine (OC-SVM) is a popular machine learning model for anomaly detection and hence could be used for identifying change points; however, it is sometimes difficult to obtain a good OC-SVM model that can be used on sensor measurement time series to identify the change points in system health status. In this paper, we propose a novel approach for calibrating OC-SVM models. The approach uses a heuristic search method to find a good set of input data and hyperparameters that yield a well-performing model. Our results on the C-MAPSS dataset demonstrate that OC-SVM can also achieve satisfactory accuracy in detecting change point in time series with fewer training data, compared to state-of-the-art deep learning approaches. In our case study, the OC-SVM calibrated by the proposed model is shown to be useful especially in scenarios with limited amount of training data.

**SCEF: A Support-Confidence-aware Embedding Framework for Knowledge Graph Refinement**

Knowledge graph (KG) refinement mainly aims at KG completion and correction (i.e., error detection). However, most conventional KG embedding models only focus on KG completion with an unreasonable assumption that all facts in KG hold without noises, ignoring error detection which also should be significant and essential for KG refinement.In this paper, we propose a novel support-confidence-aware KG embedding framework (SCEF), which implements KG completion and correction simultaneously by learning knowledge representations with both triple support and triple confidence. Specifically, we build model energy function by incorporating conventional translation-based model with support and confidence. To make our triple support-confidence more sufficient and robust, we not only consider the internal structural information in KG, studying the approximate relation entailment as triple confidence constraints, but also the external textual evidence, proposing two kinds of triple supports with entity types and descriptions respectively.Through extensive experiments on real-world datasets, we demonstrate SCEF’s effectiveness.

**Asymptotic Limits of Privacy in Bayesian Time Series Matching**

Various modern and highly popular applications make use of user data traces in order to offer specific services, often for the purpose of improving the user’s experience while using such applications. However, even when user data is privatized by employing privacy-preserving mechanisms (PPM), users’ privacy may still be compromised by an external party who leverages statistical matching methods to match users’ traces with their previous activities. In this paper, we obtain the theoretical bounds on user privacy for situations in which user traces are matchable to sequences of prior behavior, despite anonymization of data time series. We provide both achievability and converse results for the case where the data trace of each user consists of independent and identically distributed (i.i.d.) random samples drawn from a multinomial distribution, as well as the case that the users’ data points are dependent over time and the data trace of each user is governed by a Markov chain model.

**A Unifying Bayesian View of Continual Learning**

Some machine learning applications require continual learning – where data comes in a sequence of datasets, each is used for training and then permanently discarded. From a Bayesian perspective, continual learning seems straightforward: Given the model posterior one would simply use this as the prior for the next task. However, exact posterior evaluation is intractable with many models, especially with Bayesian neural networks (BNNs). Instead, posterior approximations are often sought. Unfortunately, when posterior approximations are used, prior-focused approaches do not succeed in evaluations designed to capture properties of realistic continual learning use cases. As an alternative to prior-focused methods, we introduce a new approximate Bayesian derivation of the continual learning loss. Our loss does not rely on the posterior from earlier tasks, and instead adapts the model itself by changing the likelihood term. We call these approaches likelihood-focused. We then combine prior- and likelihood-focused methods into one objective, tying the two views together under a single unifying framework of approximate Bayesian continual learning.

**Differentially Private Continual Learning**

Catastrophic forgetting can be a significant problem for institutions that must delete historic data for privacy reasons. For example, hospitals might not be able to retain patient data permanently. But neural networks trained on recent data alone will tend to forget lessons learned on old data. We present a differentially private continual learning framework based on variational inference. We estimate the likelihood of past data given the current model using differentially private generative models of old datasets.

**Message-Dropout: An Efficient Training Method for Multi-Agent Deep Reinforcement Learning**

In this paper, we propose a new learning technique named message-dropout to improve the performance for multi-agent deep reinforcement learning under two application scenarios: 1) classical multi-agent reinforcement learning with direct message communication among agents and 2) centralized training with decentralized execution. In the first application scenario of multi-agent systems in which direct message communication among agents is allowed, the message-dropout technique drops out the received messages from other agents in a block-wise manner with a certain probability in the training phase and compensates for this effect by multiplying the weights of the dropped-out block units with a correction probability. The applied message-dropout technique effectively handles the increased input dimension in multi-agent reinforcement learning with communication and makes learning robust against communication errors in the execution phase. In the second application scenario of centralized training with decentralized execution, we particularly consider the application of the proposed message-dropout to Multi-Agent Deep Deterministic Policy Gradient (MADDPG), which uses a centralized critic to train a decentralized actor for each agent. We evaluate the proposed message-dropout technique for several games, and numerical results show that the proposed message-dropout technique with proper dropout rate improves the reinforcement learning performance significantly in terms of the training speed and the steady-state performance in the execution phase.

**MetaGrasp: Data Efficient Grasping by Affordance Interpreter Network**

Data-driven approach for grasping shows significant advance recently. But these approaches usually require much training data. To increase the efficiency of grasping data collection, this paper presents a novel grasp training system including the whole pipeline from data collection to model inference. The system can collect effective grasp sample with a corrective strategy assisted by antipodal grasp rule, and we design an affordance interpreter network to predict pixelwise grasp affordance map. We define graspability, ungraspability and background as grasp affordances. The key advantage of our system is that the pixel-level affordance interpreter network trained with only a small number of grasp samples under antipodal rule can achieve significant performance on totally unseen objects and backgrounds. The training sample is only collected in simulation. Extensive qualitative and quantitative experiments demonstrate the accuracy and robustness of our proposed approach. In the real-world grasp experiments, we achieve a grasp success rate of 93% on a set of household items and 91% on a set of adversarial items with only about 6,300 simulated samples. We also achieve 87% accuracy in clutter scenario. Although the model is trained using only RGB image, when changing the background textures, it also performs well and can achieve even 94% accuracy on the set of adversarial objects, which outperforms current state-of-the-art methods.

**Intra- and Inter-epoch Temporal Context Network (IITNet) for Automatic Sleep Stage Scoring**

This study proposes a novel deep learning model, called IITNet, to learn intra- and inter-epoch temporal contexts from a raw single channel electroencephalogram (EEG) for automatic sleep stage scoring. When sleep experts identify the sleep stage of a 30-second PSG data called an epoch, they investigate the sleep-related events such as sleep spindles, K-complex, and frequency components from local segments of an epoch (sub-epoch) and consider the relations between sleep-related events of successive epochs to follow the transition rules. Inspired by this, IITNet learns how to encode sub-epoch into representative feature via a deep residual network, then captures contextual information in the sequence of representative features via BiLSTM. Thus, IITNet can extract features in sub-epoch level and consider temporal context not only between epochs but also in an epoch. IITNet is an end-to-end architecture and does not need any preprocessing, handcrafted feature design, balanced sampling, pre-training, or fine-tuning. Our model was trained and evaluated in Sleep-EDF and MASS datasets and outperformed other state-of-the-art results on both the datasets with the overall accuracy (ACC) of 84.0% and 86.6%, macro F1-score (MF1) of 77.7 and 80.8, and Cohen’s kappa of 0.78 and 0.80 in Sleep-EDF and MASS, respectively.

**The Kalai-Smorodinski solution for many-objective Bayesian optimization**

**STCN: Stochastic Temporal Convolutional Networks**

Convolutional architectures have recently been shown to be competitive on many sequence modelling tasks when compared to the de-facto standard of recurrent neural networks (RNNs), while providing computational and modeling advantages due to inherent parallelism. However, currently there remains a performance gap to more expressive stochastic RNN variants, especially those with several layers of dependent random variables. In this work, we propose stochastic temporal convolutional networks (STCNs), a novel architecture that combines the computational advantages of temporal convolutional networks (TCN) with the representational power and robustness of stochastic latent spaces. In particular, we propose a hierarchy of stochastic latent variables that captures temporal dependencies at different time-scales. The architecture is modular and flexible due to the decoupling of the deterministic and stochastic layers. We show that the proposed architecture achieves state of the art log-likelihoods across several tasks. Finally, the model is capable of predicting high-quality synthetic samples over a long-range temporal horizon in modeling of handwritten text.

**Conformal calibrators**

Most existing examples of full conformal predictive systems, split-conformal predictive systems, and cross-conformal predictive systems impose severe restrictions on the adaptation of predictive distributions to the test object at hand. In this paper we develop split-conformal and cross-conformal predictive systems that are fully adaptive. Our method consists in calibrating existing predictive systems; the input predictive system is not supposed to satisfy any properties of validity, whereas the output predictive system is guaranteed to be calibrated in probability. It is interesting that the method may also work without the IID assumption, standard in conformal prediction.

**Fast Efficient Hyperparameter Tuning for Policy Gradients**

The performance of policy gradient methods is sensitive to hyperparameter settings that must be tuned for any new application. Widely used grid search methods for tuning hyperparameters are sample inefficient and computationally expensive. More advanced methods like Population Based Training that learn optimal schedules for hyperparameters instead of fixed settings can yield better results, but are also sample inefficient and computationally expensive. In this paper, we propose Hyperparameter Optimisation on the Fly (HOOF), a gradient-free meta-learning algorithm that can automatically learn an optimal schedule for hyperparameters that affect the policy update directly through the gradient. The main idea is to use existing trajectories sampled by the policy gradient method to optimise a one-step improvement objective, yielding a sample and computationally efficient algorithm that is easy to implement. Our experimental results across multiple domains and algorithms show that using HOOF to learn these hyperparameter schedules leads to faster learning with improved performance.

**Classifying textual data: shallow, deep and ensemble methods**

This paper focuses on a comparative evaluation of the most common and modern methods for text classification, including the recent deep learning strategies and ensemble methods. The study is motivated by a challenging real data problem, characterized by high-dimensional and extremely sparse data, deriving from incoming calls to the customer care of an Italian phone company. We will show that deep learning outperforms many classical (shallow) strategies but the combination of shallow and deep learning methods in a unique ensemble classifier may improve the robustness and the accuracy of ‘single’ classification methods.

**Comparing Apples and Oranges: Measuring Differences between Data Mining Results**

Deciding whether the results of two different mining algorithms provide significantly different information is an important open problem in exploratory data mining. Whether the goal is to select the most informative result for analysis, or decide which mining approach will likely provide the most novel insight, it is essential that we can tell how different the information is that two results provide. In this paper we take a first step towards comparing exploratory results on binary data. We propose to meaningfully convert results into sets of noisy tiles, and compare between these sets by Maximum Entropy modelling and Kullback-Leibler divergence. The measure we construct this way is flexible, and allows us to naturally include background knowledge, such that differences in results can be measured from the perspective of what a user already knows. Furthermore, adding to its interpretability, it coincides with Jaccard dissimilarity when we only consider exact tiles. Our approach provides a means to study and tell differences between results of different data mining methods. As an application, we show that it can also be used to identify which parts of results best redescribe other results. Experimental evaluation shows our measure gives meaningful results, correctly identifies methods that are similar in nature, and automatically provides sound redescriptions of results.

**A Combinatorial Approach to Causal Inference**

The objective of causal inference is to learn the network of causal relationships holding between a system of variables from the correlations that these variables exhibit; a sub-problem of which is to certify whether or not a given causal hypothesis is compatible with the observed correlations. A particularly challenging setting for causal inference is in the presence of partial information; i.e. when some of the variables are hidden/latent. In this present work, we introduce the possible worlds framework as a method for deciding causal compatibility in this difficult setting. We define a graphical object called an possible worlds diagram, which compactly depicts the set of all possible observations. From this construction, we demonstrate explicitly, using several examples, how to prove causal incompatibility. In fact, we use these constructions to prove causal incompatibility where no other techniques have been able to. Moreover, we prove that the possible worlds framework can be adapted to provide a complete solution to the possibilistic causal compatibility problem. Even more, we also discuss how to exploit graphical symmetries and cross-world consistency constraints in order to implement a hierarchy of necessary compatibility tests that we prove converges to sufficiency.

**A parallel Fortran framework for neural networks and deep learning**

This paper describes neural-fortran, a parallel Fortran framework for neural networks and deep learning. It features a simple interface to construct feed-forward neural networks of arbitrary structure and size, several activation functions, and stochastic gradient descent as the default optimization algorithm. Neural-fortran also leverages the Fortran 2018 standard collective subroutines to achieve data-based parallelism on shared- or distributed-memory machines. First, I describe the implementation of neural networks with Fortran derived types, whole-array arithmetic, and collective sum and broadcast operations to achieve parallelism. Second, I demonstrate the use of neural-fortran in an example of recognizing hand-written digits from images. Finally, I evaluate the computational performance in both serial and parallel modes. Ease of use and computational performance are similar to an existing popular machine learning framework, making neural-fortran a viable candidate for further development and use in production.

**Parenting: Safe Reinforcement Learning from Human Input**

Autonomous agents trained via reinforcement learning present numerous safety concerns: reward hacking, negative side effects, and unsafe exploration, among others. In the context of near-future autonomous agents, operating in environments where humans understand the existing dangers, human involvement in the learning process has proved a promising approach to AI Safety. Here we demonstrate that a precise framework for learning from human input, loosely inspired by the way humans parent children, solves a broad class of safety problems in this context. We show that our Parenting algorithm solves these problems in the relevant AI Safety gridworlds of Leike et al. (2017), that an agent can learn to outperform its parent as it ‘matures’, and that policies learnt through Parenting are generalisable to new environments.

**Regularizing Black-box Models for Improved Interpretability**

Most work on interpretability in machine learning has focused on designing either inherently interpretable models, that typically trade-off interpretability for accuracy, or post-hoc explanation systems, that lack guarantees about their explanation quality. We propose an alternative to these approaches by directly regularizing a black-box model for interpretability at training time. Our approach explicitly connects three key aspects of interpretable machine learning: the model’s innate explainability, the explanation system used at test time, and the metrics that measure explanation quality. Our regularization results in substantial (up to orders of magnitude) improvement in terms of explanation fidelity and stability metrics across a range of datasets, models, and black-box explanation systems. Remarkably, our regularizers also slightly improve predictive accuracy on average across the nine datasets we consider. Further, we show that the benefits of our novel regularizers on explanation quality provably generalize to unseen test points.

**Seven Myths in Machine Learning Research**





### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

