---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Ursa Labs January 2019 Report
subtitle:      转载自：http://wesmckinney.com/blog/ursa-labs-january-2019/
date:      2019-02-05
author:      Wes McKinney
tags:
    - arrow
    - support
    - packaging
    - development
    - developers
---





** Tue 05 February 2019

 

Ursa Labs had a busy January that went by too quickly. After a high-intensity 3
months of development, we helped release Apache Arrow 0.12 on January
20th. A good chunk of our time was spent fighting fires (in packaging and
builds) related to the continued expansion of the project in recent months.

The 0.12 release contains a new merged documentation site where you can
expect more project-level documentation to appear this year.

## Upcoming Focus Areas

The team is working in a number of areas in the near future:

- Building out the gRPC-based Flight RPC system

Computational kernels in C++ in support of a future Arrow-native in-memory
 query engine
Parquet file performance and memory use improvements. We also plan to work on
 support for reading and writing nested types, which currently have only
 limited support
- Reading line-delimited JSON datasets to the Arrow format

Automation and bot-based job triggering in our physical build cluster. We're
 hoping to have GitHub bots that we can ask to run various builds in Arrow
 pull requests
Packaging Gandiva (LLVM expression compiler) and gRPC in conda and wheel
 Python packages
- Work toward getting the R Arrow package on CRAN


## C++ highlights

We made many improvements to our build system and developer tools. Outside of
some of these esoteric details, some highlights include:

- Improve columnar array builder performance

- Gandiva LLVM compiler support on Windows

Refactoring in Parquet C++ to eventually permit direct-to-categorical reads
 for pandas users
- Toolchain improvements to support the gRPC-based Flight initiative

- Alpine Linux support


Hardening the new Flight RPC system for production and making it available to
C++, Python, and Java developers is a major area of upcoming development
interest.

## Python highlights

In Python we are working with the Ray, TensorFlow, and PyTorch communities to
resolve some packaging issues related to the manylinux1 standard for wheel
binary packages. The outcome there is as yet uncertain.

Some other highlights include:

Bindings for buffered input and output stream classes for better performance
 with high latency file systems like S3 and Google Cloud
- Support for pandas 0.24.x


## R highlights

After a very busy fall, January was a lighter month for R:

- Bindings for the Arrow C++ CSV parser

- Multithreaded conversions from `arrow::Table` to R `data.frame.`

Bindings for compressed input and output streams, which can be used in many
 contexts

We are working on a plan to get Arrow into CRAN to make it easier for R users
to install the software. There are some hurdles including getting the Arrow C++
libraries into Debian, Fedora, and Homebrew. If you could like to help with
packaging, we would appreciate the assistance.

## Ursa Labs Development Infrastructure

Thanks to generous donations of hardware from NVIDIA, Ursa Labs now has 2 DGX
Station machines hosted in Nashville, Tennessee, for the team to develop
on. Each has a 20-core Xeon processor, 4 GPUs, and 256 GB of RAM. NVIDIA has
also donated a Jetson TX2 dev kit for development and testing on Aarch64.

Our build cluster is growing and we intend to use this hardware to make the
Apache Arrow community more productive.

## Conference Talks, Blog Posts, and other reading

Wes spoke at two conferences

We also published a blog post about some work in Arrow 0.12

## Apache Arrow community notes

As Apache Arrow approaches its third birthday as a top-level Apache project, we
have surpassed 3000 stars on GitHub with over 240 unique contributors.

There is a discussion happening about building a benchmark database to test the
different Arrow libraries on many different kinds of hardware, including
different CPU and GPU architectures

We are just receiving the donation of a Rust-based in-memory query engine,
DataFusion.

## Team Changelog

The team had 86 commits merged into Apache Arrow in January. You
can click on the ASF JIRA links to learn more about the discussion on a
particular issue or the commit hash to see each patch.
