---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Deploying an R Shiny App With Docker
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/5e86M1ETbsY/
date:      2019-02-08
author:      Paul Stevenson
tags:
    - containers
    - container_name
    - networks
    - shinyproxy
    - apps running
---





If you haven’t heard of Docker, it is a system that allows projects to be split into discrete units (i.e. containers) that each operate within their own virtual environment. Each container has a blueprint written in its `Dockerfile` that describes all of the operating parameters including operating system and package dependencies/requirements. Docker images are easily distributed and, because they are self-contained, will operate on any other system that has Docker installed, include servers.

When multiple instances/users attempt to start a Shiny App at the same time, only a single R session is initiated on the serving machine. This is problematic. For example, if one user starts a process that takes 10 seconds to complete, all other users will need to wait until that process has completed before any other tasks can be processed.

One of the benefits of deploying a containerised Shiny App is that each new instance will run in its own R session.

In this article, I will go through the steps that I took to deploy an app developed in Shiny onto a fully-functional web server. All the code here, plus some basic web-server configuration, can be found at this Telethon Kids GitHub repository.

## Getting Started

Docker can be installed following the instructions here, making sure to also follow the post-installation instructions here. Docker-compose will also need to be installed by following these instructions here. For the example presented here, Docker was installed on an Ubuntu 18.04 OS in a Virtual Box; the same approach will be used for other apps running on an AWS EC2 instance.

I will be using the words *image *and *container *throughout this article. A Docker *image *is a functioning snapshot of the blueprint. A running image is called a *container*, which is operating by receiving, processing and sending information to the client or other containers.

## Docker

The `Dockerfile` contains the schematics of a Docker container, that is it is used to call a base image and define and customisations that need to be made for the specific application to run correctly. 

This is the `Dockerfile` that describes our Shiny App (i.e. the Default app when a new “Shiny Web App …” is created in RStudio):

RUN apt-get update && apt-get install libcurl4-openssl-dev libv8-3.14-dev -y &&\mkdir -p /var/lib/shiny-server/bookmarks/shiny

# Download and install libraryRUN R -e "install.packages(c('shinydashboard', 'shinyjs', 'V8'))"

# copy the app to the image COPY shinyapps /srv/shiny-server/# make all app files readable (solves issue when dev in Windows, but building in Ubuntu)RUN chmod -R 755 /srv/shiny-server/

EXPOSE 3838

CMD ["/usr/bin/shiny-server.sh"] 

This blueprint is using the base image `rocker/shiny` built on R version 3.5.1. For some packages to run properly on an Ubuntu OS (the container’s base operating system) I needed to install `libcurl4` and `libv8` by adding the following lines to our `Dockerfile`.

The packages that the app depends on are also installed *via.* the `Dockerfile` with the `RUN` statement:

Our `app.R` file (i.e. the Shiny App) is copied from the shinyapps directory on the host PC to a folder inside the container image with the `COPY` statement. See the GitHub repo for an example of the project directory structure.

I had some file permission issues while building on Ubuntu *via.* a Windows VM. To overcome this, all copied file permissions were changed with `chmod -R 755` to ensure they were readable and executable inside the container.

# Make all app files readableRUN chmod -R +r /srv/shiny-server/

The final two lines expose port 3838 to receive incoming traffic and tell docker how to start the app. With the `Dockerfile` complete, images are easily built with the following one-liner:

and can be run as a standalone container with:

and accessed in a browser at `http://127.0.0.1`.

## ShinyProxy

The story doesn’t end there. ShinyProxy can be easily set up in another container to facilitate container creation. An image for a ShinyProxy container is defined by the following Dockerfile, this is an example from ShinyProxy’s GitHub repository for a containerised deployment:

RUN mkdir -p /opt/shinyproxy/RUN wget https://www.shinyproxy.io/downloads/shinyproxy-2.1.0.jar -O /opt/shinyproxy/shinyproxy.jarCOPY application.yml /opt/shinyproxy/application.yml

WORKDIR /opt/shinyproxy/CMD ["java", "-jar", "/opt/shinyproxy/shinyproxy.jar"]

The apps that are to be hosted are defined in the `application.yml` file. This contains the information for ShinyProxy to launch Shiny Apps and needs to be copied into the container from the host with `COPY application.yml /opt/shinyproxy/application.yml`.

The following code snippet has only one Shiny App, but multiple app configurations can be added to `specs`.

This ShinyProxy set up listens for traffic on port 8080 and will time-out after a period of inactivity, which has been set to 10 minutes.

`internal-networking: true` must be set because ShinyProxy is being run on a container on the same host as the Shiny App. The configuration for the each app is listed under `specs`, which give instructions on how to launch the container, what Docker image to use to start the container and what network it should be listening on (note that the `container-network` must be the same as the network listed in the `docker-compose.yaml` file, more to come soon).

We also have some environment variables that we want to set so the R session is being run for the user *shiny* and logs are not recorded.

## docker-compose.yml

The `docker-compose.yml` file contains a series of instructions that can be used to build and launch all the containers needed for deployment in a single or multi-container project. The benefit of this is that a complex network of containers and networks can be version controlled, and launched with one line of code.

Docker uses `networks` to enable communication between containers. For ShinyProxy to communicate properly with the Shiny App, the network specified in `docker-compose.yml` must be the same as the same as that listed in `application.yml`. (Tip, if you’re using a docker-compose file to launch the app, don’t set up the docker network manually, see here for why).

Each container listed in `services:` is named in `container_name`, with the `Dockerfile` being pointed to *via.* the `context` and `Dockerfile` variables. If the container was terminated with an error code, the `restart` line instructs Docker what action is to be taken . The `networks` variables lists the Docker network that the container has access to. Finally, the app is exposed on port 80.

The network used by all applications in this `docker-compose` must match the network specified in the ShinyProxy `application.yml`.

With everything in place, the ShinyProxy image is built and the container(s) started with `docker-compose build` and `docker-compose up -d`. (**Important**, the app defined in `application.yml` also be built). Containers are stopped and removed with `docker-compose down`.

With the configurations listed here, a full-functioning Shiny App can be deployed to the internet with little extra configuration. Even simpler, if this setup can be cloned from GitHub and the files in “webapp/shinyapp” replaced by your Shiny App’s `app.R`. 

## Bonus Tip

Another app that I made used `CSS` to do some custom formatting (only 4 tags). For some reason the style sheet was ignored by Chrome when run with ShinyProxy, but not when running standalone. The problem did not exist when tested on Firefox and Internet Explorer browsers. I think this had something to do with the `iframe` used by ShinyProxy. This was resolved by putting the style in `app.R` within a head tag and removing the reference to the external `style.css`.


*Related*








---
