---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      AWS Big Data Prep Course – Why you Need it
subtitle:      转载自：https://dimensionless.in/aws-big-data-prep-course-why-you-need-it/
date:      2019-02-01
author:      Kartik Singh
tags:
    - aws
    - amazon
    - security
    - cloud computing
    - applications
---

In very simple words, Amazon Web Services is a subsidiary of Amazon that provides on-demand cloud computing platforms to individuals, companies and governments, on a paid subscription basis. The technology allows subscribers to have at their disposal a virtual cluster of computers, available all the time, through the Internet.

Let us give a shot at a very technical description of AWS. Amazon Web Services (AWS) is a secure cloud services platform, offering computing power, database storage, content delivery and other functionality to help businesses scale and grow. Explore how millions of customers are currently leveraging AWS cloud products and solutions to build sophisticated applications with increased flexibility, scalability and reliability.

- Websites & Website Hosting: Amazon Web Services offers cloud web hosting solutions that provide businesses, non-profits, and governmental organizations with low-cost ways to deliver their websites and web applications. Whether you’re looking for marketing, rich media, or e-commerce website, AWS offers a wide range of website hosting options, and we’ll help you select the one that is right for you.

- Backup & Recovery: AWS offers the most storage services, data-transfer methods, and networking options to build solutions that protect your data with unmatched durability and security

- Data Archive: Amazon Web Services offers a complete set of cloud storage services for archiving. You can choose Amazon Glacier for affordable, non-time sensitive cloud storage, or Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) for faster storage, depending on your needs. With AWS Storage Gateway and our solution provider ecosystem, you can build a comprehensive, storage solution.

- DevOps: AWS provides a set of flexible services designed to enable companies to more rapidly and reliably build and deliver products using AWS and DevOps practices. These services simplify provisioning and managing infrastructure, deploying application code, automating software release processes, and monitoring your application and infrastructure performance.

- Big Data: AWS delivers an integrated suite of services that provide everything needed to quickly and easily build and manage a data lake for analytics. AWS-powered data lakes can handle the scale, agility, and flexibility required to combine different types of data and analytics approaches to gain deeper insights, in ways that traditional data silos and data warehouses cannot. AWS gives customers the widest array of analytics and machine learning services, for easy access to all relevant data, without compromising on security or governance.


#### DevOps Automation

You don’t want your data scientists spending time on DevOps tasks like creating AMIs, defining Security Groups, and creating EC2 instances. Data science workloads benefit from large machines for exploratory analysis in tools like Jupyter or RStudio, as well as elastic scalability to support bursty demand from teams, or parallel execution of data science experiments, which are often computationally intensive.

#### Cost controls, resource monitoring, and reporting

Data science workloads often benefit from high-end hardware, which can be expensive. When data scientists have more access to scalable compute, how do you mitigate the risk of runaway costs, enforce limits, and attribute across multiple groups or teams?

#### Environment management

Data scientists need agility to experiment with new open source tools and packages, which are evolving faster than ever before. System administrators must ensure stability and safety of environments. How can you balance these two points in tension?

#### GPUs

Neural networks and other effective data science techniques benefit from GPU acceleration, but configuring and utilizing GPUs remains easier said than done. How can you provide efficient access to GPUs for your data scientists without miring them in DevOps configuration tasks?

#### Security

AWS offers world-class security in their environment — but you must still make choices about how you configure security for your applications running on AWS. These choices can make a significant difference in mitigating risk as your data scientists transfer logic (source code) and data sets that may represent your most valuable intellectual property.

#### 

#### 1. AWS Introduction

#### 2. VPC Subnet

A virtual private cloud (VPC) is a virtual network dedicated to your AWS account. It is logically isolated from other virtual networks in the AWS Cloud. You can launch your AWS resources, such as Amazon EC2 instances, into your VPC.

#### 3. Route

A route table contains a set of rules, called *routes*, that are used to determine where network traffic is directed. Each subnet in your VPC must be associated with a route table; the table controls the routing for the subnet. A subnet can only be associated with one route table at a time, but you can associate multiple subnets with the same route table.

#### 4. EC2

Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) is a web service that provides secure, resizable compute capacity in the cloud. It is designed to make web-scale cloud computing easier for developers.

#### 5. IAM

AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) is a web service that helps you securely control access to AWS resources. You use IAM to control who is authenticated (signed in) and authorized (has permissions) to use resources.

#### 6. S3

Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) is an object storage service that offers industry-leading scalability, data availability, security, and performance. This means customers of all sizes and industries can use it to store and protect any amount of data for a range of use cases, such as websites, mobile applications, backup and restore, archive, enterprise applications, IoT devices, and big data analytics.

#### 7. Lambda

AWS Lambda is a ‘compute’ service that lets you run code without provisioning or managing servers. AWS Lambda executes your code only when needed and scales automatically, from a few requests per day to thousands per second

#### 8. SNS

Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS) is a highly available, durable, secure, fully managed pub/sub messaging service that enables you to decouple microservices, distributed systems, and serverless applications. Amazon SNS provides topics for high-throughput, push-based, many-to-many messaging.

#### 9. SQS

Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) is a fully managed message queuing service that enables you to decouple and scale microservices, distributed systems, and serverless applications. SQS eliminates the complexity and overhead associated with managing and operating message-oriented middleware and empowers developers to focus on differentiating work.

#### 10. RDS

Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) makes it easy to set up, operate, and scale a relational database in the cloud. It provides cost-efficient and resizable capacity while automating time-consuming administration tasks such as hardware provisioning, database setup, patching and backups.

#### 11. Dynamo DB

Amazon DynamoDB is a key-value and document database that delivers single-digit millisecond performance at any scale. It’s a fully managed, multi-region, multi-master database with built-in security, backup and restores, and in-memory caching for internet-scale applications. DynamoDB can handle more than 10 trillion requests per day and support peaks of more than 20 million requests per second.

#### 13. Cloud Formation

AWS CloudFormation provides a common language for you to describe and provision all the infrastructure resources in your cloud environment. CloudFormation allows you to use a simple text file to model and provision, in an automated and secure manner, all the resources needed for your applications across all regions and accounts. This file serves as the single source of truth for your cloud environment.

#### 14. Projects

### 

### Why Dimensionless as your learning partner?

Dimensionless Technologies provide instructor-led LIVE online training with hands-on different problems. We do not provide classroom training but we deliver more as compared to what a classroom training could provide you with

Are you sceptical of online training or you feel that online mode is not the best platform to learn? Let us clear your insecurities about online training!

1. **Live and Interactive sessions**We conduct classes through live sessions and not pre-recorded videos. The interactivity level is similar to classroom training and you get it in the comfort of your home.


 

1. **Highly Experienced Faculty**We have very highly experienced faculty with us (IIT`ians) to help you grasp complex concepts and kick-start your career success journey


 

- **Up to Data Course content**Our course content is up to date which involves all the latest technologies and tools. Our course is well equipped for learners to grasp the knowledge required to solve real-world problems through their data analytical skills


 

- **Availability of software and computing resource**Any laptop with 2GB RAM and Windows 7 and above is perfectly fine for this course. All the software used in this course are Freely downloadable from the Internet. The trainers help you set it up in your systems. We also provide access to our Cloud-based online lab where these are already installed.


 

- **Industry-Based Projects**During the training, you will be solving multiple case studies from different domains. Once the LIVE training is done, you will start implementing your learnings on Real Time Datasets. You can work on data from various domains like Retail, Manufacturing, Supply Chain, Operations, Telecom, Oil and Gas and many more.


 

- **Course Completion Certificate**Yes, we will be issuing a course completion certificate to all individuals who successfully complete the training.


 

- **Placement Assistance**We provide you with real-time industry requirements on a daily basis through our connection in the industry. These requirements generally come through referral channels, hence the probability to get through increases manifold


### 

### Conclusion

Dimensionless technologies have the right courses for you if you are aiming to kick-start your career in the field of data science. Not only we cover all the important concepts and technologies but also focus on their implementation and usage in real-world business problems. Follow the link to register yourself for the free demo of the courses!
