---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Let’s get it right
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/02/04/lets-get-it-right-10/
date:      2019-02-04
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - fairness
    - papers
    - learned
    - machines
    - differences
---

***Article***: ***In the age of machine learning randomized controlled trials are unethical***

According to Maurits Kaptein it’s unethical to use randomized controlled trials to personalize healthcare because new data science methods have better outcomes… (yes, there is a trade-off between transparancy and the use of blackbox algorithms. If you want to understand the details continue reading)

***Article***: ***AI Policy 101: An Introduction to the 10 Key Aspects of AI Policy***

Welcome to AI Policy 101: a new series from Politics + AI that will teach you the fundamentals of artificial intelligence (AI) policy. This introductory article provides an overview of the field, an explanation for the sudden flurry of national AI strategies, and a breakdown of what AI policy entails. It concludes with a set of key takeaways and a list of further readings. What in the world is AI policy? AI policy is defined as public policies that maximize the benefits of AI, while minimizing its potential costs and risks.

***Paper***: ***Automated Rationale Generation: A Technique for Explainable AI and its Effects on Human Perceptions***

Automated rationale generation is an approach for real-time explanation generation whereby a computational model learns to translate an autonomous agent’s internal state and action data representations into natural language. Training on human explanation data can enable agents to learn to generate human-like explanations for their behavior. In this paper, using the context of an agent that plays Frogger, we describe (a) how to collect a corpus of explanations, (b) how to train a neural rationale generator to produce different styles of rationales, and (c) how people perceive these rationales. We conducted two user studies. The first study establishes the plausibility of each type of generated rationale and situates their user perceptions along the dimensions of confidence, humanlike-ness, adequate justification, and understandability. The second study further explores user preferences between the generated rationales with regard to confidence in the autonomous agent, communicating failure and unexpected behavior. Overall, we find alignment between the intended differences in features of the generated rationales and the perceived differences by users. Moreover, context permitting, participants preferred detailed rationales to form a stable mental model of the agent’s behavior.

***Paper***: ***Creative AI Through Evolutionary Computation***

In the last decade or so we have seen tremendous progress in Artificial Intelligence (AI). AI is now in the real world, powering applications that have a large practical impact. Most of it is based on modeling, i.e. machine learning of statistical models that make it possible to predict what the right decision might be in future situations. The next step for AI is machine creativity, i.e. tasks where the correct, or even good, solutions are not known, but need to be discovered. Methods for machine creativity have existed for decades. I believe we are now in a similar situation as deep learning was a few years ago: with the million-fold increase in computational power, those methods can now be used to scale up to creativity in real-world tasks. In particular, Evolutionary Computation is in a unique position to take advantage of that power, and become the next deep learning.

***Paper***: ***Approaching Ethical Guidelines for Data Scientists***

The goal of this article is to inspire data scientists to participate in the debate on the impact that their professional work has on society, and to become active in public debates on the digital world as data science professionals. How do ethical principles (e.g., fairness, justice, beneficence, and non-maleficence) relate to our professional lives? What lies in our responsibility as professionals by our expertise in the field? More specifically this article makes an appeal to statisticians to join that debate, and to be part of the community that establishes data science as a proper profession in the sense of Airaksinen, a philosopher working on professional ethics. As we will argue, data science has one of its roots in statistics and extends beyond it. To shape the future of statistics, and to take responsibility for the statistical contributions to data science, statisticians should actively engage in the discussions. First the term data science is defined, and the technical changes that have led to a strong influence of data science on society are outlined. Next the systematic approach from CNIL is introduced. Prominent examples are given for ethical issues arising from the work of data scientists. Further we provide reasons why data scientists should engage in shaping morality around and to formulate codes of conduct and codes of practice for data science. Next we present established ethical guidelines for the related fields of statistics and computing machinery. Thereafter necessary steps in the community to develop professional ethics for data science are described. Finally we give our starting statement for the debate: Data science is in the focal point of current societal development. Without becoming a profession with professional ethics, data science will fail in building trust in its interaction with and its much needed contributions to society!

***Paper***: ***Interpretable machine learning: definitions, methods, and applications***

Machine-learning models have demonstrated great success in learning complex patterns that enable them to make predictions about unobserved data. In addition to using models for prediction, the ability to interpret what a model has learned is receiving an increasing amount of attention. However, this increased focus has led to considerable confusion about the notion of interpretability. In particular, it is unclear how the wide array of proposed interpretation methods are related, and what common concepts can be used to evaluate them. We aim to address these concerns by defining interpretability in the context of machine learning and introducing the Predictive, Descriptive, Relevant (PDR) framework for discussing interpretations. The PDR framework provides three overarching desiderata for evaluation: predictive accuracy, descriptive accuracy and relevancy, with relevancy judged relative to a human audience. Moreover, to help manage the deluge of interpretation methods, we introduce a categorization of existing techniques into model-based and post-hoc categories, with sub-groups including sparsity, modularity and simulatability. To demonstrate how practitioners can use the PDR framework to evaluate and understand interpretations, we provide numerous real-world examples. These examples highlight the often under-appreciated role played by human audiences in discussions of interpretability. Finally, based on our framework, we discuss limitations of existing methods and directions for future work. We hope that this work will provide a common vocabulary that will make it easier for both practitioners and researchers to discuss and choose from the full range of interpretation methods.

***Paper***: ***Putting Fairness Principles into Practice: Challenges, Metrics, and Improvements***

As more researchers have become aware of and passionate about algorithmic fairness, there has been an explosion in papers laying out new metrics, suggesting algorithms to address issues, and calling attention to issues in existing applications of machine learning. This research has greatly expanded our understanding of the concerns and challenges in deploying machine learning, but there has been much less work in seeing how the rubber meets the road. In this paper we provide a case-study on the application of fairness in machine learning research to a production classification system, and offer new insights in how to measure and address algorithmic fairness issues. We discuss open questions in implementing equality of opportunity and describe our fairness metric, conditional equality, that takes into account distributional differences. Further, we provide a new approach to improve on the fairness metric during model training and demonstrate its efficacy in improving performance for a real-world product

***Paper***: ***Fair and Unbiased Algorithmic Decision Making: Current State and Future Challenges***

Machine learning algorithms are now frequently used in sensitive contexts that substantially affect the course of human lives, such as credit lending or criminal justice. This is driven by the idea that `objective’ machines base their decisions solely on facts and remain unaffected by human cognitive biases, discriminatory tendencies or emotions. Yet, there is overwhelming evidence showing that algorithms can inherit or even perpetuate human biases in their decision making when they are based on data that contains biased human decisions. This has led to a call for fairness-aware machine learning. However, fairness is a complex concept which is also reflected in the attempts to formalize fairness for algorithmic decision making. Statistical formalizations of fairness lead to a long list of criteria that are each flawed (or harmful even) in different contexts. Moreover, inherent tradeoffs in these criteria make it impossible to unify them in one general framework. Thus, fairness constraints in algorithms have to be specific to the domains to which the algorithms are applied. In the future, research in algorithmic decision making systems should be aware of data and developer biases and add a focus on transparency to facilitate regular fairness audits.

***Paper***: ***Identifying and Correcting Label Bias in Machine Learning***

Datasets often contain biases which unfairly disadvantage certain groups, and classifiers trained on such datasets can inherit these biases. In this paper, we provide a mathematical formulation of how this bias can arise. We do so by assuming the existence of underlying, unknown, and unbiased labels which are overwritten by an agent who intends to provide accurate labels but may have biases against certain groups. Despite the fact that we only observe the biased labels, we are able to show that the bias may nevertheless be corrected by re-weighting the data points without changing the labels. We show, with theoretical guarantees, that training on the re-weighted dataset corresponds to training on the unobserved but unbiased labels, thus leading to an unbiased machine learning classifier. Our procedure is fast and robust and can be used with virtually any learning algorithm. We evaluate on a number of standard machine learning fairness datasets and a variety of fairness notions, finding that our method outperforms standard approaches in achieving fair classification.





### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

