---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Let’s get it right
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/02/04/lets-get-it-right-4/
date:      2019-02-04
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - fairness
    - social
    - racialized
    - paper
    - systemic
---

***Paper***: ***50 Years of Test (Un)fairness: Lessons for Machine Learning***

Quantitative definitions of what is unfair and what is fair have been introduced in multiple disciplines for well over 50 years, including in education, hiring, and machine learning. We trace how the notion of fairness has been defined within the testing communities of education and hiring over the past half century, exploring the cultural and social context in which different fairness definitions have emerged. In some cases, earlier definitions of fairness are similar or identical to definitions of fairness in current machine learning research, and foreshadow current formal work. In other cases, insights into what fairness means and how to measure it have largely gone overlooked. We compare past and current notions of fairness along several dimensions, including the fairness criteria, the focus of the criteria (e.g., a test, a model, or its use), the relationship of fairness to individuals, groups, and subgroups, and the mathematical method for measuring fairness (e.g., classification, regression). This work points the way towards future research and measurement of (un)fairness that builds from our modern understanding of fairness while incorporating insights from the past.

***Paper***: ***Please Stop Explaining Black Box Models for High Stakes Decisions***

There are black box models now being used for high stakes decision-making throughout society. The practice of trying to explain black box models, rather than creating models that are interpretable in the first place, is likely to perpetuate bad practices and can potentially cause catastrophic harm to society. There is a way forward — it is to design models that are inherently interpretable.

***Paper***: ***AI Fairness for People with Disabilities: Point of View***

We consider how fair treatment in society for people with disabilities might be impacted by the rise in the use of artificial intelligence, and especially machine learning methods. We argue that fairness for people with disabilities is different to fairness for other protected attributes such as age, gender or race. One major difference is the extreme diversity of ways disabilities manifest, and people adapt. Secondly, disability information is highly sensitive and not always shared, precisely because of the potential for discrimination. Given these differences, we explore definitions of fairness and how well they work in the disability space. Finally, we suggest ways of approaching fairness for people with disabilities in AI applications.

***Paper***: ***Fairness Under Unawareness: Assessing Disparity When Protected Class Is Unobserved***

Assessing the fairness of a decision making system with respect to a protected class, such as gender or race, is challenging when class membership labels are unavailable. Probabilistic models for predicting the protected class based on observable proxies, such as surname and geolocation for race, are sometimes used to impute these missing labels for compliance assessments. Empirically, these methods are observed to exaggerate disparities, but the reason why is unknown. In this paper, we decompose the biases in estimating outcome disparity via threshold-based imputation into multiple interpretable bias sources, allowing us to explain when over- or underestimation occurs. We also propose an alternative weighted estimator that uses soft classification, and show that its bias arises simply from the conditional covariance of the outcome with the true class membership. Finally, we illustrate our results with numerical simulations and a public dataset of mortgage applications, using geolocation as a proxy for race. We confirm that the bias of threshold-based imputation is generally upward, but its magnitude varies strongly with the threshold chosen. Our new weighted estimator tends to have a negative bias that is much simpler to analyze and reason about.

***Paper***: ***Robust Artificial Intelligence and Robust Human Organizations***

Every AI system is deployed by a human organization. In high risk applications, the combined human plus AI system must function as a high-reliability organization in order to avoid catastrophic errors. This short note reviews the properties of high-reliability organizations and draws implications for the development of AI technology and the safe application of that technology.

***Paper***: ***Questioning the assumptions behind fairness solutions***

In addition to their benefits, optimization systems can have negative economic, moral, social, and political effects on populations as well as their environments. Frameworks like fairness have been proposed to aid service providers in addressing subsequent bias and discrimination during data collection and algorithm design. However, recent reports of neglect, unresponsiveness, and malevolence cast doubt on whether service providers can effectively implement fairness solutions. These reports invite us to revisit assumptions made about the service providers in fairness solutions. Namely, that service providers have (i) the incentives or (ii) the means to mitigate optimization externalities. Moreover, the environmental impact of these systems suggests that we need (iii) novel frameworks that consider systems other than algorithmic decision-making and recommender systems, and (iv) solutions that go beyond removing related algorithmic biases. Going forward, we propose Protective Optimization Technologies that enable optimization subjects to defend against negative consequences of optimization systems.

***Paper***: ***Racial categories in machine learning***

Controversies around race and machine learning have sparked debate among computer scientists over how to design machine learning systems that guarantee fairness. These debates rarely engage with how racial identity is embedded in our social experience, making for sociological and psychological complexity. This complexity challenges the paradigm of considering fairness to be a formal property of supervised learning with respect to protected personal attributes. Racial identity is not simply a personal subjective quality. For people labeled ‘Black’ it is an ascribed political category that has consequences for social differentiation embedded in systemic patterns of social inequality achieved through both social and spatial segregation. In the United States, racial classification can best be understood as a system of inherently unequal status categories that places whites as the most privileged category while signifying the Negro/black category as stigmatized. Social stigma is reinforced through the unequal distribution of societal rewards and goods along racial lines that is reinforced by state, corporate, and civic institutions and practices. This creates a dilemma for society and designers: be blind to racial group disparities and thereby reify racialized social inequality by no longer measuring systemic inequality, or be conscious of racial categories in a way that itself reifies race. We propose a third option. By preceding group fairness interventions with unsupervised learning to dynamically detect patterns of segregation, machine learning systems can mitigate the root cause of social disparities, social segregation and stratification, without further anchoring status categories of disadvantage.

***Article***: ***When to Trust Robots with Decisions, and When Not To***

Smarter and more adaptive machines are rapidly becoming as much a part of our lives as the internet, and more of our decisions are being handed over to intelligent algorithms that learn from ever-increasing volumes and varieties of data. As these ‘robots’ become a bigger part of our lives, we don’t have any framework for evaluating which decisions we should be comfortable delegating to algorithms and which ones humans should retain. That’s surprising, given the high stakes involved. I propose a risk-oriented framework for deciding when and how to allocate decision problems between humans and machine-based decision makers. I’ve developed this framework based on the experiences that my collaborators and I have had implementing prediction systems over the last 25 years in domains like finance, healthcare, education, and sports. The framework differentiates problems along two independent dimensions: predictability and cost per error.





### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

