---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Manipulating strings with the {stringr} package
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/c6whN7LCw8E/
date:      2019-02-10
author:      Econometrics and Free Software
tags:
    - strings
    - files
    - splitting
    - alto file
    - content
---

`{stringr}` contains functions to manipulate strings. In Chapter 10, I will teach you about regularexpressions, but the functions contained in `{stringr}` allow you to already do a lot of work onstrings, without needing to be a regular expression expert.

I will discuss the most common string operations: detecting, locating, matching, searching andreplacing, and exctracting/removing strings.

To introduce these operations, let us use an ALTO file of an issue of *The Winchester News* fromOctober 31, 1910, which you can find on thislink (to seehow the newspaper looked like,click here). I re-hostedthe file on a public gist for archiving purposes. While working on the book, the original site wentdown several times…

ALTO is an XML schema for the description of text OCR and layout information of pages for digitzedmaterial, such as newspapers (source: ALTO Wikipedia page).For more details, you can read myblogposton the matter, but for our current purposes, it is enough to know that the file contains the textof newspaper articles. The file looks like this:

```


timole
tlnldre
timor
insole
landed







verc
veer





tll
Cu
tall




```

We are interested in the strings after `CONTENT=`. We are going to use functions from the `{stringr}`package to get the strings after `CONTENT=`. In Chapter 10, we are going to explore this fileagain, but using complex regular expressions to get all the content in one go.

### Getting text data into Rstudio

First of all, let us read in the file:

```
winchester <- read_lines("https://gist.githubusercontent.com/b-rodrigues/5139560e7d0f2ecebe5da1df3629e015/raw/e3031d894ffb97217ddbad1ade1b307c9937d2c8/gistfile1.txt")
```

Even though the file is an XML file, I still read it in using `read_lines()` and not `read_xml()`from the `{xml2}` package. This is for the purposes of the current exercise, and also because Ialways have trouble with XML files, and prefer to treat them as simple text files, and use regularexpressions to get what I need.

Now that the ALTO file is read in and saved in the `winchester` variable, you might want to printthe whole thing in the console. Before that, take a look at the structure:

```
str(winchester)
```

```
## chr [1:43] "" ...
```

So the `winchester` variable is a character atomic vector with 43 elements. So first, we need tounderstand what these elements are. Let’s start with the first one:

```
winchester[1]
```

```
## [1] ""
```

Ok, so it seems like the first element is part of the header of the file. What about the second one?

```
winchester[2]
```

```
## [1] "<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"UTF-8\"?>"
```

Same. So where is the content? The file is very large, so if you print it in the console, it willtake quite some time to print, and you will not really be able to make out anything. The bestway would be to try to detect the string `CONTENT` and work from there.

### Detecting, getting the position and locating strings

When confronted to an atomic vector of strings, you might want to know inside which elements youcan find certain strings. For example, to know which elements of `winchester` contain the string`CONTENT`, use `str_detect()`:

```
winchester %>%
 str_detect("CONTENT")
```

```
## [1] FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE
## [12] FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE
## [23] FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE
## [34] FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE TRUE
```

This returns a boolean atomic vector of the same length as `winchester`. If the string `CONTENT` isnowhere to be found, the result will equal `FALSE`, if not it will equal `TRUE`. Here it is easy tosee that the last element contains the string `CONTENT`. But what if instead of having 43 elements,the vector had 24192 elements? And hundreds would contain the string `CONTENT`? It would be easierto instead have the indices of the vector where one can find the word `CONTENT`. This is possiblewith `str_which()`:

```
winchester %>%
 str_which("CONTENT")
```

```
## [1] 43
```

Here, the result is 43, meaning that the 43rd element of `winchester` contains the string `CONTENT`somewhere. If we need more precision, we can use `str_locate()` and `str_locate_all()`. To explainhow both these functions work, let’s create a very small example:

```
ancient_philosophers <- c("aristotle", "plato", "epictetus", "seneca the younger", "epicurus", "marcus aurelius")
```

Now suppose I am interested in philosophers whose name ends in `us`. Let us use `str_locate()` first:

```
ancient_philosophers %>%
 str_locate("us")
```

```
## start end
## [1,] NA NA
## [2,] NA NA
## [3,] 8 9
## [4,] NA NA
## [5,] 7 8
## [6,] 5 6
```

You can interpret the result as follows: in the rows, the index of the vector where thestring `us` is found. So the 3rd, 5th and 6th philosopher have `us` somewhere in their name.The result also has two columns: `start` and `end`. These give the position of the string. So thestring `us` can be found starting at position 8 of the 3rd element of the vector, and ends at position9. Same goes for the other philisophers. However, consider Marcus Aurelius. He has two names, bothending with `us`. However, `str_locate()` only shows the position of the `us` in `Marcus`.

To get both `us` strings, you need to use `str_locate_all()`:

```
ancient_philosophers %>%
 str_locate_all("us")
```

```
## [[1]]
## start end
## 
## [[2]]
## start end
## 
## [[3]]
## start end
## [1,] 8 9
## 
## [[4]]
## start end
## 
## [[5]]
## start end
## [1,] 7 8
## 
## [[6]]
## start end
## [1,] 5 6
## [2,] 14 15
```

Now we get the position of the two `us` in Marcus Aurelius. Doing this on the `winchester` vectorwill give use the position of the `CONTENT` string, but this is not really important right now. Whatmatters is that you know how `str_locate()` and `str_locate_all()` work.

So now that we know what interests us in the 43nd element of `winchester`, let’s take a closerlook at it:

```
winchester[43]
```

As you can see, it’s a mess:

```
PrcidehtPridesuccesssoarcencent
```

The file was imported without any newlines. So we need to insert them ourselves, by splitting thestring in a clever way.

### Splitting strings

There are two functions included in `{stringr}` to split strings, `str_split()` and `str_split_fixed()`.Let’s go back to our ancient philosophers. Two of them, Seneca the Younger and Marcus Aurelius havesomething else in common than both being Roman Stoic philosophers. Their names are composed of severalwords. If we want to split their names at the space character, we can use `str_split()` like this:

```
ancient_philosophers %>%
 str_split(" ")
```

```
## [[1]]
## [1] "aristotle"
## 
## [[2]]
## [1] "plato"
## 
## [[3]]
## [1] "epictetus"
## 
## [[4]]
## [1] "seneca" "the" "younger"
## 
## [[5]]
## [1] "epicurus"
## 
## [[6]]
## [1] "marcus" "aurelius"
```

`str_split()` also has a `simplify = TRUE` option:

```
ancient_philosophers %>%
 str_split(" ", simplify = TRUE)
```

```
## [,1] [,2] [,3] 
## [1,] "aristotle" "" "" 
## [2,] "plato" "" "" 
## [3,] "epictetus" "" "" 
## [4,] "seneca" "the" "younger"
## [5,] "epicurus" "" "" 
## [6,] "marcus" "aurelius" ""
```

This time, the returned object is a matrix.

What about `str_split_fixed()`? The difference is that here you can specify the number of piecesto return. For example, you could consider the name “Aurelius” to be the middle name of Marcus Aurelius,and the “the younger” to be the middle name of Seneca the younger. This means that you would wantto split the name only at the first space character, and not at all of them. This is easily achievedwith `str_split_fixed()`:

```
ancient_philosophers %>%
 str_split_fixed(" ", 2)
```

```
## [,1] [,2] 
## [1,] "aristotle" "" 
## [2,] "plato" "" 
## [3,] "epictetus" "" 
## [4,] "seneca" "the younger"
## [5,] "epicurus" "" 
## [6,] "marcus" "aurelius"
```

This gives the expected result.

So how does this help in our case? Well, if you look at how the ALTO file looks like, at the beginningof this section, you will notice that every line ends with the “>” character. So let’s split atthat character!

```
winchester_text <- winchester[43] %>%
 str_split(">")
```

Let’s take a closer look at `winchester_text`:

```
str(winchester_text)
```

```
## List of 1
## $ : chr [1:19706] "
```
