---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      “If You Were an R Function, What Function Would You Be?”
subtitle:      转载自：http://www.win-vector.com/blog/2019/02/if-you-were-an-r-function-what-function-would-you-be/
date:      2019-02-26
author:      John Mount
tags:
    - model
    - mtcars_test
    - lm
    - predict
    - data_use
---

We’ve been getting some good uptake on our piping in `R` article announcement.

The article is necessarily a bit technical. But one of its key points comes from the observation that piping into names is a special opportunity to give general objects the following personality quiz: “If you were an `R` function, what function would you be?”






So our question is: can we add a meaningful association between the two deepest concepts in `R` objects (or references to them) and functions?

We think the answer is a resounding “yes!”

The following example (adapted from the paper) should help illustrate the idea.

Suppose we had simple linear model.

Now if “`model`” were an `R` function, what function would it be? One possible answer is: it would be `predict.lm()`. It would be nice if “`model(mtcars_test)`” meant “`predict(model, data = mtcars_test)`“. Or, if we accept the pipe notation “`mtcars_test %.>% model`” as an approximate substitute for (note: not an equivalent of) “`model(mtcars_test)`” we can make that happen.

The “`%.>%`” is the `wrapr` dot arrow pipe. It can be made to ask the question “If you were an `R` function, what function would you be?” as follows.

First a bit of preparation, we tell R

And now we can treat any reference to an object of class “`lm`” as a pipe destination or function.

And we see our results.

Notice we didn’t have to alter `model` or wrap it in a function. This solution can be used again and again in many different circumstances.

### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*




