---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Mastering your day as a programmer
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/UwEli6-bIQ0/
date:      2019-02-16
author:      Lorenz Walthert
tags:
    - git
    - level
    - thinking
    - sounds
    - knowing
---





How do you program? I feel like there is a lot of advice out there, but most ofit focuses on the micro level rather than on the macro level. That’s why Idecided to think about what makes one an efficient programmer on a macro level.

Spend time on improving skills that help you become more productive inthe long run.For example, it’s a fact that git is the version control system of choice. Andthere is no reason why this should change tomorrow. Or in 5 year’s time. Thatin turn means that you need to know the ins and outs of git. Period. It willmake you so much more productive in the long run. I started knowing almostnothing about git. But I used Google heavily whenever I wanted to do somethingwith git I thought it must be capable of but I had no idea how.I created a file with git commandsand an explanation for it to learn.

Same thing with all tools that you rely onheavily. Become a super user of the tools you use everyday (most notably the IDEyou are using) to give yourproductivity a boost. Make sure you follow up on the major changes that comewith new releases of your tools. Know the keyboard shortcuts. And so on. Youget the point. If you find this difficult, follow the “Editor XYZ Tips” ontwitter or your social media platform of choice.

Solving a problem often does not only help you solving this very problem. It alsogives you experience that you can *transfer* to other projects. Hence, it maymake sense to spend some more time on a piece of code simply because it makesyou a better coder. Whenever you think *ok, I did it, but I am sure there must bea better way*, it’s probably time to remember this paragraph.

It sounds like a contradiction but I feel like taking breaks is among the mostproductive things you can do. This does not only apply to programming, but also other work.I think taking breaks becomes more important the more complex the task at handis. Taking a five minute break every 90 minutes sounds reasonable to me.

This is related to taking breaks. However, you don’t need to take a break tobenefit from the *zoom-out-effect*, but if you do take one, it happensautomatically. The thing I am talking about is moving from a low-levelperspective to a high-level perspective.This is crucial as we programmers tend to get stuckwith a problem and then try to solve the problem *inside the box*,although the obvious solution is *outside the box*. Zooming out is highlyeffective if you are stuck. But you first need to realize that you are stuck.It can also happen that you programmed something that creates a lot ofunnecessary complexity / redundancy downstream, and that it *eats you up*.If you feel like that, it’s probably time to zoom out.

Another arguably straightforward piece of advice. Instead of starting to work on aproblem right away, it often makes sense to break it down into smaller portions.These should be as self-contained as possible. Start out with the sub-task thathas the fewest *dependencies*. When you are done, document and commit your work.I often left the office thinking “oh I am going to commit this tomorrow” and Iforgot. By lunchtime the next day, I ended up with a convoluted `git diff`.This sucks. Also, documenting at the end of a two-month project sounds liketrouble, so make sure you keep documentation up-to-date during the development phase.

An African proverb goes as follows:

> 
If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go further, go together.


No one is perfect. And I personally also don’t enjoy working alone. Havingsomeone who reviews your code, asks the dumb questions and challenges you is inyour best interest.

I am not going to tell you how to achieve this. Just two things: Drinking enoughwater during the day is essential to achieve good performance and exercisingcertainly does not hurt it either.

I get distracted easily if people around me chat. For that reason, I oftenlisten to music while at work. I can listen to the very same song for a whole dayand it does not bore me. Rather, it’s the contrary. On the other hand, I can’tlisten to random songs all day long because they take away too much of myattention. Anyways the point I am trying to make is that you should create anenvironment that lets you concentrate on your task. This involves other thingssuch as:

- enough fresh air in the room you are working.

- the right amount of light.

- the right temperature.

- and so on.


Another strategy if you don’t feel like making any progress is to take a fewminutes and write things down.

> 
Write about your problems. It’s more precise than thinking.
*Francoise Chollet, creator of keras*


Writing forces you to express concisely what the problem is, whyyour solution does not work and what it may take for a solution to work. Itforces you to abstract from the irrelevant, focusing on what the key drivers ofyour problem are.

I hope reading this blog post will help you mastering your day. And those tocome. Feel free to comment below if I missed an important point. I may add itlater to the post if you permit.


*Related*








---
