---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      QCon.ai San Francisco： Applied AI Software Conference for Developers – KDnuggets Offer
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/kdnuggets-data-mining-analytics/~3/B_T8q2fDvdg/qcon-ai-applied-software-conference.html
date:      2019-02-08
author:      Gregory PS Editor
tags:
    - software engineering
    - ai
    - like engineers
    - discusses
    - development
---

This April 15-17, software engineering teams will be gathering in the Bay area to meet like-minded engineers at the QCon.ai software conference. QCon.ai is a three-day conference **focused on the major machine learning and AI software trends affecting software engineers today**. There's no sales pitch: just in-depth, rigorous technical talks and conversations - on stage, over lunch, and in the hallways - covering everything from tooling, practices, and use cases of AI and machine learning to advance AI innovation. Our full schedule for the conference is now available. Videos from 2018 are available so you can see what you missed last year.

> We know we'll meet and talk with experts, and hear in-depth use-case studies. I was not disappointed and will definitely come back.
 


*Franck Verrot Principal Software Engineer @OmadaHealth*


**Featured keynote: Francois Chollet, software engineer @Google & Creator of Keras** - Best Practices for Maximizing Productivity in Deep Learning Research and Development

François Chollet, the creator of Keras, discusses best practices for deep learning in the opening keynote for QCon.ai. The talk discusses techniques and recommendations for designing highly productive APIs for machine learning and offers essential updates on the new TensorFlow 2.0 framework.

**An emphasis on software engineering AI practices**Learn from speakers driving innovation and change in AI and machine learning from companies including Google, Facebook, Stitch Fix, PayPal, Airbnb, Slack, and more! At QCon.ai, all of our speakers are real-world software leaders who share best practices from their projects, their application of AI, and how machine learning is changing development environments.
 

Some of the speakers appearing at QCon.ai San Francisco are:

- Pete Warden, Technical Lead of TensorFlow Mobile @Google, will talk about deep learning on edge devices like microprocessors.

- Josh Wills, Software Engineer/Search/Learning/Intelligence @SlackHQ, will discuss observing and monitoring of machine learning models.

- Sravya Tirukkovalur, Senior Machine Learning Engineer @Adobe, plans to look at machine learning through a SWE lens.

- Megan Cartwright, the Director of Data Science @ThirdLove, will discuss developing and iterating on a machine learning MVP.

- Uri Silbershtein, Senior Cloud & Big Data Developer @PayPal, will look at the massive scale anomaly detection framework at PayPal.



 See all of our speakers 
 confirmed so far, along with our 2019 
 tracks and schedule.

We hope to see you at QCon.ai San Francisco this April!
