---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Whats new on arXiv
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/02/11/whats-new-on-arxiv-893/
date:      2019-02-11
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - models
    - modeling
    - modeler
    - algorithms
    - algorithmic
---

**The role of a layer in deep neural networks: a Gaussian Process perspective**

A fundamental question in deep learning concerns the role played by individual layers in a deep neural network (DNN) and the transferable properties of the data representations which they learn. To the extent that layers have clear roles one should be able to optimize them separately using layer-wise loss functions. Such loss functions would describe what is the set of good data representations at each depth of the network and provide a target for layer-wise greedy optimization (LEGO). Here we introduce the Deep Gaussian Layer-wise loss functions (DGLs) which, we believe, are the first supervised layer-wise loss functions which are both explicit and competitive in terms of accuracy. The DGLs have a solid theoretical foundation, they become exact for wide DNNs, and we find that they can monitor standard end-to-end training. Being highly structured and symmetric, the DGLs provide a promising analytic route to understanding the internal representations generated by DNNs.

**DiffEqFlux.jl – A Julia Library for Neural Differential Equations**

DiffEqFlux.jl is a library for fusing neural networks and differential equations. In this work we describe differential equations from the viewpoint of data science and discuss the complementary nature between machine learning models and differential equations. We demonstrate the ability to incorporate DifferentialEquations.jl-defined differential equation problems into a Flux-defined neural network, and vice versa. The advantages of being able to use the entire DifferentialEquations.jl suite for this purpose is demonstrated by counter examples where simple integration strategies fail, but the sophisticated integration strategies provided by the DifferentialEquations.jl library succeed. This is followed by a demonstration of delay differential equations and stochastic differential equations inside of neural networks. We show high-level functionality for defining neural ordinary differential equations (neural networks embedded into the differential equation) and describe the extra models in the Flux model zoo which includes neural stochastic differential equations. We conclude by discussing the various adjoint methods used for backpropogation of the differential equation solvers. DiffEqFlux.jl is an important contribution to the area, as it allows the full weight of the differential equation solvers developed from decades of research in the scientific computing field to be readily applied to the challenges posed by machine learning and data science.

**Compression of Recurrent Neural Networks for Efficient Language Modeling**

Recurrent neural networks have proved to be an effective method for statistical language modeling. However, in practice their memory and run-time complexity are usually too large to be implemented in real-time offline mobile applications. In this paper we consider several compression techniques for recurrent neural networks including Long-Short Term Memory models. We make particular attention to the high-dimensional output problem caused by the very large vocabulary size. We focus on effective compression methods in the context of their exploitation on devices: pruning, quantization, and matrix decomposition approaches (low-rank factorization and tensor train decomposition, in particular). For each model we investigate the trade-off between its size, suitability for fast inference and perplexity. We propose a general pipeline for applying the most suitable methods to compress recurrent neural networks for language modeling. It has been shown in the experimental study with the Penn Treebank (PTB) dataset that the most efficient results in terms of speed and compression-perplexity balance are obtained by matrix decomposition techniques.

**End-to-end Anchored Speech Recognition**

Voice-controlled house-hold devices, like Amazon Echo or Google Home, face the problem of performing speech recognition of device-directed speech in the presence of interfering background speech, i.e., background noise and interfering speech from another person or media device in proximity need to be ignored. We propose two end-to-end models to tackle this problem with information extracted from the ‘anchored segment’. The anchored segment refers to the wake-up word part of an audio stream, which contains valuable speaker information that can be used to suppress interfering speech and background noise. The first method is called ‘Multi-source Attention’ where the attention mechanism takes both the speaker information and decoder state into consideration. The second method directly learns a frame-level mask on top of the encoder output. We also explore a multi-task learning setup where we use the ground truth of the mask to guide the learner. Given that audio data with interfering speech is rare in our training data set, we also propose a way to synthesize ‘noisy’ speech from ‘clean’ speech to mitigate the mismatch between training and test data. Our proposed methods show up to 15% relative reduction in WER for Amazon Alexa live data with interfering background speech without significantly degrading on clean speech.

**Global Explanations of Neural Networks: Mapping the Landscape of Predictions**

A barrier to the wider adoption of neural networks is their lack of interpretability. While local explanation methods exist for one prediction, most global attributions still reduce neural network decisions to a single set of features. In response, we present an approach for generating global attributions called GAM, which explains the landscape of neural network predictions across subpopulations. GAM augments global explanations with the proportion of samples that each attribution best explains and specifies which samples are described by each attribution. Global explanations also have tunable granularity to detect more or fewer subpopulations. We demonstrate that GAM’s global explanations 1) yield the known feature importances of simulated data, 2) match feature weights of interpretable statistical models on real data, and 3) are intuitive to practitioners through user studies. With more transparent predictions, GAM can help ensure neural network decisions are generated for the right reasons.

**Investigating RNN Memory using Neuro-Evolution: Investigating Recurrent Neural Network Memory Structures using Neuro-Evolution**

This paper presents a new algorithm, Evolutionary eXploration of Augmenting Memory Models (EXAMM), which is capable of evolving recurrent neural networks (RNNs) using a wide variety of memory structures, such as Delta-RNN, GRU, LSTM, MGU and UGRNN cells. EXAMM evolved RNNs to perform prediction of large-scale, real world time series data from the aviation and power industries. These data sets consist of very long time series (thousands of readings), each with a large number of potentially correlated and dependent parameters. Four different parameters were selected for prediction and EXAMM runs were performed using each memory cell type alone, each cell type with feed forward nodes, and with all possible memory cell types. Evolved RNN performance was measured using repeated k-fold cross validation, resulting in 1210 EXAMM runs which evolved 2,420,000 RNNs in 12,100 CPU hours on a high performance computing cluster. Generalization of the evolved RNNs was examined statistically, providing interesting findings that can help refine the RNN memory cell design as well as inform future neuro-evolution algorithms development.

**Finding Good Itemsets by Packing Data**

The problem of selecting small groups of itemsets that represent the data well has recently gained a lot of attention. We approach the problem by searching for the itemsets that compress the data efficiently. As a compression technique we use decision trees combined with a refined version of MDL. More formally, assuming that the items are ordered, we create a decision tree for each item that may only depend on the previous items. Our approach allows us to find complex interactions between the attributes, not just co-occurrences of 1s. Further, we present a link between the itemsets and the decision trees and use this link to export the itemsets from the decision trees. In this paper we present two algorithms. The first one is a simple greedy approach that builds a family of itemsets directly from data. The second one, given a collection of candidate itemsets, selects a small subset of these itemsets. Our experiments show that these approaches result in compact and high quality descriptions of the data.

**Toward A Neuro-inspired Creative Decoder**

Creativity, a process that generates novel and valuable ideas, involves increased association between task-positive (control) and task-negative (default) networks in brain. Inspired by this seminal finding, in this study we propose a creative decoder that directly modulates the neuronal activation pattern, while sampling from the learned latent space. The proposed approach is fully unsupervised and can be used as off-the-shelf. Our experiments on three different image datasets (MNIST, FMNIST, CELEBA) reveal that the co-activation between task-positive and task-negative neurons during decoding in a deep neural net enables generation of novel artifacts. We further identify sufficient conditions on several novelty metrics towards measuring the creativity of generated samples.

**Storm: a fast transactional dataplane for remote data structures**

RDMA is an exciting technology that enables a host to access the memory of a remote host without involving the remote CPU. Prior work shows how to use RDMA to improve the performance of distributed in-memory storage systems. However, RDMA is widely believed to have scalability issues, due to the amount of active protocol state that needs to be cached in the limited NIC cache. These concerns led to several software-based proposals to enhance scalability by trading off performance. In this work, we revisit these trade-offs in light of newer RDMA hardware and propose new guidelines for scaling RDMA. We show that using one-sided remote memory primitives leads to higher performance compared to send/receive and kernel-based systems in rack-scale environments. Based on these insights, we design and implement Storm, a transactional dataplane using one-sided read and write-based RPC primitives. We show that Storm outperforms eRPC, FaRM, and LITE by 3.3x, 3.6x, and 17.1x, respectively, on an Infinband EDR cluster with Mellanox ConnectX-4 NICs.

**A Bayesian Approach for Accurate Classification-Based Aggregates**

In this paper, we study the accuracy of values aggregated over classes predicted by a classification algorithm. The problem is that the resulting aggregates (e.g., sums of a variable) are known to be biased. The bias can be large even for highly accurate classification algorithms, in particular when dealing with class-imbalanced data. To correct this bias, the algorithm’s classification error rates have to be estimated. In this estimation, two issues arise when applying existing bias correction methods. First, inaccuracies in estimating classification error rates have to be taken into account. Second, impermissible estimates, such as a negative estimate for a positive value, have to be dismissed. We show that both issues are relevant in applications where the true labels are known only for a small set of data points. We propose a novel bias correction method using Bayesian inference. The novelty of our method is that it imposes constraints on the model parameters. We show that our method solves the problem of biased classification-based aggregates as well as the two issues above, in the general setting of multi-class classification. In the empirical evaluation, using a binary classifier on a real-world dataset of company tax returns, we show that our method outperforms existing methods in terms of mean squared error.

**Principal Model Analysis Based on Partial Least Squares**

Motivated by the Bagging Partial Least Squares (PLS) and Principal Component Analysis (PCA) algorithms, we propose a Principal Model Analysis (PMA) method in this paper. In the proposed PMA algorithm, the PCA and the PLS are combined. In the method, multiple PLS models are trained on sub-training sets, derived from the original training set based on the random sampling with replacement method. The regression coefficients of all the sub-PLS models are fused in a joint regression coefficient matrix. The final projection direction is then estimated by performing the PCA on the joint regression coefficient matrix. The proposed PMA method is compared with other traditional dimension reduction methods, such as PLS, Bagging PLS, Linear discriminant analysis (LDA) and PLS-LDA. Experimental results on six public datasets show that our proposed method can achieve better classification performance and is usually more stable.

**A Scale Invariant Flatness Measure for Deep Network Minima**

It has been empirically observed that the flatness of minima obtained from training deep networks seems to correlate with better generalization. However, for deep networks with positively homogeneous activations, most measures of sharpness/flatness are not invariant to rescaling of the network parameters, corresponding to the same function. This means that the measure of flatness/sharpness can be made as small or as large as possible through rescaling, rendering the quantitative measures meaningless. In this paper we show that for deep networks with positively homogenous activations, these rescalings constitute equivalence relations, and that these equivalence relations induce a quotient manifold structure in the parameter space. Using this manifold structure and an appropriate metric, we propose a Hessian-based measure for flatness that is invariant to rescaling. We use this new measure to confirm the proposition that Large-Batch SGD minima are indeed sharper than Small-Batch SGD minima.

**Speeding up scaled gradient projection methods using deep neural networks for inverse problems in image processing**

Conventional optimization based methods have utilized forward models with image priors to solve inverse problems in image processing. Recently, deep neural networks (DNN) have been investigated to significantly improve the image quality of the solution for inverse problems. Most DNN based inverse problems have focused on using data-driven image priors with massive amount of data. However, these methods often do not inherit nice properties of conventional approaches using theoretically well-grounded optimization algorithms such as monotone, global convergence. Here we investigate another possibility of using DNN for inverse problems in image processing. We propose methods to use DNNs to seamlessly speed up convergence rates of conventional optimization based methods. Our DNN-incorporated scaled gradient projection methods, without breaking theoretical properties, significantly improved convergence speed over state-of-the-art conventional optimization methods such as ISTA or FISTA in practice for inverse problems such as image inpainting, compressive image recovery with partial Fourier samples, image deblurring, and medical image reconstruction with sparse-view projections.

**A Simple Baseline for Bayesian Uncertainty in Deep Learning**

We propose SWA-Gaussian (SWAG), a simple, scalable, and general purpose approach for uncertainty representation and calibration in deep learning. Stochastic Weight Averaging (SWA), which computes the first moment of stochastic gradient descent (SGD) iterates with a modified learning rate schedule, has recently been shown to improve generalization in deep learning. With SWAG, we fit a Gaussian using the SWA solution as the first moment and a low rank plus diagonal covariance also derived from the SGD iterates, forming an approximate posterior distribution over neural network weights; we then sample from this Gaussian distribution to perform Bayesian model averaging. We empirically find that SWAG approximates the shape of the true posterior, in accordance with results describing the stationary distribution of SGD iterates. Moreover, we demonstrate that SWAG performs well on a wide variety of computer vision tasks, including out of sample detection, calibration, and transfer learning, in comparison to many popular alternatives including MC dropout, KFAC Laplace, and temperature scaling.

**Cost-Effective Incentive Allocation via Structured Counterfactual Inference**

We address a practical problem ubiquitous in modern industry, in which a mediator tries to learn a policy for allocating strategic financial incentives for customers in a marketing campaign and observes only bandit feedback. In contrast to traditional policy optimization frameworks, we rely on a specific assumption for the reward structure and we incorporate budget constraints. We develop a new two-step method for solving this constrained counterfactual policy optimization problem. First, we cast the reward estimation problem as a domain adaptation problem with supplementary structure. Subsequently, the estimators are used for optimizing the policy with constraints. We establish theoretical error bounds for our estimation procedure and we empirically show that the approach leads to significant improvement on both synthetic and real datasets.

**Model Selection for Simulator-based Statistical Models: A Kernel Approach**

We propose a novel approach to model selection for simulator-based statistical models. The proposed approach defines a mixture of candidate models, and then iteratively updates the weight coefficients for those models as well as the parameters in each model simultaneously; this is done by recursively applying Bayes’ rule, using the recently proposed kernel recursive ABC algorithm. The practical advantage of the method is that it can be used even when a modeler lacks appropriate prior knowledge about the parameters in each model. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach with a number of experiments, including model selection for dynamical systems in ecology and epidemiology.

**Predict Globally, Correct Locally: Parallel-in-Time Optimal Control of Neural Networks**

The links between optimal control of dynamical systems and neural networks have proved beneficial both from a theoretical and from a practical point of view. Several researchers have exploited these links to investigate the stability of different neural network architectures and develop memory efficient training algorithms. We also adopt the dynamical systems view of neural networks, but our aim is different from earlier works. We exploit the links between dynamical systems, optimal control, and neural networks to develop a novel distributed optimization algorithm. The proposed algorithm addresses the most significant obstacle for distributed algorithms for neural network optimization: the network weights cannot be updated until the forward propagation of the data, and backward propagation of the gradients are complete. Using the dynamical systems point of view, we interpret the layers of a (residual) neural network as the discretized dynamics of a dynamical system and exploit the relationship between the co-states (adjoints) of the optimal control problem and backpropagation. We then develop a parallel-in-time method that updates the parameters of the network without waiting for the forward or back propagation algorithms to complete in full. We establish the convergence of the proposed algorithm. Preliminary numerical results suggest that the algorithm is competitive and more efficient than the state-of-the-art.

**Online Clustering by Penalized Weighted GMM**

With the dawn of the Big Data era, data sets are growing rapidly. Data is streaming from everywhere – from cameras, mobile phones, cars, and other electronic devices. Clustering streaming data is a very challenging problem. Unlike the traditional clustering algorithms where the dataset can be stored and scanned multiple times, clustering streaming data has to satisfy constraints such as limit memory size, real-time response, unknown data statistics and an unknown number of clusters. In this paper, we present a novel online clustering algorithm which can be used to cluster streaming data without knowing the number of clusters a priori. Results on both synthetic and real datasets show that the proposed algorithm produces partitions which are close to what you could get if you clustered the whole data at one time.

**A Status Report on Conflict Analysis in Mixed Integer Nonlinear Programming**

Mixed integer nonlinear programs (MINLPs) are arguably among the hardest optimization problems, with a wide range of applications. MINLP solvers that are based on linear relaxations and spatial branching work similar as mixed integer programming (MIP) solvers in the sense that they are based on a branch-and-cut algorithm, enhanced by various heuristics, domain propagation, and presolving techniques. However, the analysis of infeasible subproblems, which is an important component of most major MIP solvers, has been hardly studied in the context of MINLPs. There are two main approaches for infeasibility analysis in MIP solvers: conflict graph analysis, which originates from artificial intelligence and constraint programming, and dual ray analysis. The main contribution of this short paper is twofold. Firstly, we present the first computational study regarding the impact of dual ray analysis on convex and nonconvex MINLPs. In that context, we introduce a modified generation of infeasibility proofs that incorporates linearization cuts that are only locally valid. Secondly, we describe an extension of conflict analysis that works directly with the nonlinear relaxation of convex MINLPs instead of considering a linear relaxation. This is work-in-progress, and this short paper is meant to present first theoretical considerations without a computational study for that part.

**Beholder-GAN: Generation and Beautification of Facial Images with Conditioning on Their Beauty Level**

Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. This maxim, emphasizing the subjectivity of the perception of beauty, has enjoyed a wide consensus since ancient times. In the digitalera, data-driven methods have been shown to be able to predict human-assigned beauty scores for facial images. In this work, we augment this ability and train a generative model that generates faces conditioned on a requested beauty score. In addition, we show how this trained generator can be used to beautify an input face image. By doing so, we achieve an unsupervised beautification model, in the sense that it relies on no ground truth target images.

**Radial and Directional Posteriors for Bayesian Neural Networks**

We propose a new variational family for Bayesian neural networks. We decompose the variational posterior into two components, where the radial component captures the strength of each neuron in terms of its magnitude; while the directional component captures the statistical dependencies among the weight parameters. The dependencies learned via the directional density provide better modeling performance compared to the widely-used Gaussian mean-field-type variational family. In addition, the strength of input and output neurons learned via the radial density provides a structured way to compress neural networks. Indeed, experiments show that our variational family improves predictive performance and yields compressed networks simultaneously.

**Deeper & Sparser Exploration**

We address the problem of efficient exploration by proposing a new meta algorithm in the context of model-based online planning for Bayesian Reinforcement Learning (BRL). We beat the state-of-the-art, while staying computationally faster, in some cases by two orders of magnitude. This is the first Optimism free BRL algorithm to beat all previous state-of-the-art in tabular RL. The main novelty is the use of a candidate policy generator, to generate long-term options in the belief tree, which allows us to create much sparser and deeper trees. We present results on many standard environments and empirically prove its performance.

**Ranked Enumeration of Conjunctive Query Results**

We investigate the enumeration of top-k answers for conjunctive queries against relational databases according to a given ranking function. The task is to design data structures and algorithms that allow for efficient enumeration after a preprocessing phase. Our main contribution is a novel priority queue based algorithm with near-optimal delay and non-trivial space guarantees that are output sensitive and depend on structure of the query. In particular, we exploit certain desirable properties of ranking functions that frequently occur in practice and degree information in the database instance, allowing for efficient enumeration. We introduce the notion of {\em decomposable} and {\em compatible} ranking functions in conjunction with query decomposition, a property that allows for partial aggregation of tuple scores in order to efficiently enumerate the ranked output. We complement the algorithmic results with lower bounds justifying why certain assumptions about properties of ranking functions are necessary and discuss popular conjectures providing evidence for optimality of enumeration delay guarantees. Our results extend and improve upon a long line of work that has studied ranked enumeration from both theoretical and practical perspective.

**A Network-centric Framework for Auditing Recommendation Systems**

To improve the experience of consumers, all social media, commerce and entertainment sites deploy Recommendation Systems (RSs) that aim to help users locate interesting content. These RSs are black-boxes – the way a chunk of information is filtered out and served to a user from a large information base is mostly opaque. No one except the parent company generally has access to the entire information required for auditing these systems – neither the details of the algorithm nor the user-item interactions are ever made publicly available for third-party auditors. Hence auditing RSs remains an important challenge, especially with the recent concerns about how RSs are affecting the views of the society at large with new technical jargons like ‘echo chambers’, ‘confirmation biases’, ‘filter bubbles’ etc. in place. Many prior works have evaluated different properties of RSs such as diversity, novelty, etc. However, most of these have focused on evaluating static snapshots of RSs. Today, auditors are not only interested in these static evaluations on a snapshot of the system, but also interested in how these systems are affecting the society in course of time. In this work, we propose a novel network-centric framework which is not only able to quantify various static properties of RSs, but also is able to quantify dynamic properties such as how likely RSs are to lead to polarization or segregation of information among their users. We apply the framework to several popular movie RSs to demonstrate its utility.

**Graph Classification with Recurrent Variational Neural Networks**

We address the problem of graph classification based only on structural information. Most standard methods require either the pairwise comparisons of all graphs in the dataset or the extraction of ad-hoc features to perform classification. Those methods respectively raise scalability issues when the number of samples in the dataset is large, and flexibility issues when discriminative information is characterized by exotic features. Recent advances in neural network architectures offer new possibilities for graph analysis in terms of scalability and feature learning. In this paper, we propose a new sequential approach using recurrent neural networks (RNN). Our model sequentially embeds information allowing to model final class membership probabilities. We also propose a regularization based on variational node prediction ending up with better learning and generalization. We experimentally show that our model reaches state-of-the-art classification results on several common molecular datasets. Finally, we perform a qualitative analysis and give some insights about how the joint node prediction helps the model to better classify graphs.

**Metaoptimization on a Distributed System for Deep Reinforcement Learning**

Training intelligent agents through reinforcement learning is a notoriously unstable procedure. Massive parallelization on GPUs and distributed systems has been exploited to generate a large amount of training experiences and consequently reduce instabilities, but the success of training remains strongly influenced by the choice of the hyperparameters. To overcome this issue, we introduce HyperTrick, a new metaoptimization algorithm, and show its effective application to tune hyperparameters in the case of deep reinforcement learning, while learning to play different Atari games on a distributed system. Our analysis provides evidence of the interaction between the identification of the optimal hyperparameters and the learned policy, that is typical of the case of metaoptimization for deep reinforcement learning. When compared with state-of-the-art metaoptimization algorithms, HyperTrick is characterized by a simpler implementation and it allows learning similar policies, while making a more effective use of the computational resources in a distributed system.

**Bias-Aware Confidence Intervals for Empirical Bayes Analysis**

In an empirical Bayes analysis, we use data from repeated sampling to imitate inferences made by an oracle Bayesian with extensive knowledge of the data-generating distribution. Existing results provide a comprehensive characterization of when and why empirical Bayes point estimates accurately recover oracle Bayes behavior. Here, we develop confidence intervals that provide asymptotic frequentist coverage of empirical Bayes estimands. Our intervals include an honest assessment of bias even in situations where empirical Bayes point estimates may converge very slowly. Applied to multiple testing situations, our approach provides flexible and practical confidence statements about the local false sign rate.





### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

