---
layout:     post
title:      Exercise and weight loss： long-term follow-up
subtitle:   转载自：http://andrewgelman.com/2018/07/10/exercise-weight-loss-long-term-follow/
date:       2018-07-10
author:     Phil
header-img: img/background2.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - exercise
    - highly
    - overweight
    - blog
    - pounds
---



This post is by Phil Price, not Andrew.

Waaaay back in 2010, I wrote [a blog entry entitled “Exercise and Weight Loss.”](http://andrewgelman.com/2010/02/24/exercise_and_we) I had added high-intensity interval training back into my exercise regime, and had lost 12 pounds in about 12 weeks; but around the same time, some highly publicized studies were released that claimed that exercise does not lead to weight loss in overweight people. I suggested that that claim was too strong: at best they had demonstrated that *moderate-intensity* exercise does not lead to weight loss in *most* overweight people. I am completely convinced that when I am slightly overweight, I lose weight when I do occasional *high-intensity* workouts.

Well, I’m back with another data point. After spending [a month in hell ](http://andrewgelman.com/2018/03/23/lessons-learned-hell)earlier this year, during which I got no exercise, I had not only failed to lose my winter weight but had added a few pounds. When I was finally able to get to my usual spring activities, which include road biking — sometimes with high-intensity intervals — I quickly lost a couple of pounds. But then I crashed, nothing serious but enough to keep me off the bike and mostly sedentary for more than a month, and I put on some more weight, topping out at about 203 or 204 pounds, the heaviest I had been since I wrote that “Exercise and weight loss” blog post back in 2010. Already this experience would seem to contradict the suggestion that exercise doesn’t control weight: if I wasn’t gaining weight due to lack of exercise, why was I gaining it?

I was able to resume exercise in early May, and in the next six weeks I lost about six pounds. In the past few weeks I’ve lost a few more. Yesterday and today, I’ve weighed in at 193 pounds, ten pounds lighter than I was two months ago. Given past experience, I expect to remain somewhere in the 192- to 195-pound range until November, when I will start edging upwards.

So I’m reiterating the point of that eight-year-old blog post I mentioned at the top: maybe moderate-intensity exercise doesn’t lead to weight loss in most overweight people, but high-intensity exercise does lead to weight loss in *me* when I am somewhat overweight, and as long as I regularly do some high-intensity exercise I don’t tend to gain weight.

The broader point here is that I think researchers (and journalists) tend to over-generalize. If you do a test that subjects one group of people to one set of conditions, don’t assume the results will extend to a different set of people and/or a different set of conditions, even if the people and the conditions have some similarity to those used in the experiment. The differences can matter.

Reminder: this post is by Phil, not Andrew.


