---
layout:     post
title:      
subtitle:   转载自：https://dimensionless.in/211407-2/
date:       2018-07-24
author:     Himanshu Arora
header-img: img/background2.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - sum
    - total
    - statistical
    - sse
    - anoava
---

ANOVA is a statistical test to examine whether there is a significant difference between the means of several datasets. ANOAVA partitions the total variability in the sample data into two components, variation within and variation between the classes. Total variability in the dataset is described by the total sum of squares. So,Total sum of squares(SST)=Between group sum of squares(SSA)+Within group sum of squares(SSE)Between group sum of squares is also known as Treatment sum of squares and within group sum of squares is also known as Error sum of squares. SSE tells the proportion of the variance explained by the feature or groups of features to the total variance in the dataset. The features that explained largest proportion of the variance should be retained. Suppose there are a total of K treatments under a feature and each treatment has $n_i$ number of observations ,hence total number of observation=$\sum_{i=1}^k n_i$

```
 F-statistic=(SSA/(K-1))/(SSE/(N-K))
p-value=prob[F(K-1,N-K)>F-statistic]

```

The F-statistic examines whether when we group the numerical feature by the target vector, the means for each group are significantly different. Features are ranked by sorting them according to the p value in ascending order. If tie occurs,sort them by F-statistic in descending order. The features are labeled as ‘important’ ,’marginal’ and ‘unimportant’ with values above 0.998,between 0.997 and 0.998 and below 0.997 respectively.
