---
layout:     post
title:      I think they use witchcraft
subtitle:   转载自：http://andrewgelman.com/2018/07/07/think-use-witchcraft/
date:       2018-07-08
author:     Andrew
header-img: img/background1.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - news
    - university
    - universities
    - researches
    - researchers
---

Hello Dr. Andrew Gelman,

I am Dr. ** [American-sounding name], Research Assistant for the ** Publishing Company contacting you with reference from our Editorial Board.

Are you tired of publishing your Manuscript in useless journals and get no impact for your hard work?

This is the problem being faced by many researches around the globe today. Many journals charge huge money as a publication fee, but do you think you are getting enough impact for your hard worked research and money?

We at AND Media Analytics came up with a solution which helps researchers and students to properly feature their manuscript. We can bring high impact for your submissions and can offer guaranteed citations from major news outlets like Google News, Yahoo News, Harvard University, Stanford University, Forbes, Huffington Post, The New York Times and other local news websites & prestigious universities.

This can help your articles get more exposure which is one of the key issues you are struggling with, This past year we helped numerous researches and students to publish their submissions, resulting in (High Impact Factor, Maximum Exposure, Money Saved, and Productivity Increases).

If this is something you are challenged with too, we request you to Submit Manuscript under your area of interest by given deadline of submission; we are looking your acceptance by 24-48 hours.

All the best

** [American-sounding name], | Research Assistant,** PublishersSalem, Massachusetts01970, USA
