---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      If you did not already know
subtitle:      转载自：https://advanceddataanalytics.net/2018/07/29/if-you-did-not-already-know-436/
date:      2018-07-29
img:      1
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - clusterings
    - clusters
    - constraints
    - models
    - sets
---
**COBRA** Clustering is inherently ill-posed: there often exist multiple valid clusterings of a single dataset, and without any additional information a clustering system has no way of knowing which clustering it should produce. This motivates the use of constraints in clustering, as they allow users to communicate their interests to the clustering system. Active constraint-based clustering algorithms select the most useful constraints to query, aiming to produce a good clustering using as few constraints as possible. We propose COBRA, an active method that first over-clusters the data by running K-means with a $K$ that is intended to be too large, and subsequently merges the resulting small clusters into larger ones based on pairwise constraints. In its merging step, COBRA is able to keep the number of pairwise queries low by maximally exploiting constraint transitivity and entailment. We experimentally show that COBRA outperforms the state of the art in terms of clustering quality and runtime, without requiring the number of clusters in advance. … 
**Redis** Redis is an open source, BSD licensed, advanced key-value cache and store. It is often referred to as a data structure server since keys can contain strings, hashes, lists, sets, sorted sets, bitmaps and hyperloglogs. You can run atomic operations on these types, like appending to a string; incrementing the value in a hash; pushing an element to a list; computing set intersection, union and difference; or getting the member with highest ranking in a sorted set. In order to achieve its outstanding performance, Redis works with an in-memory dataset. Depending on your use case, you can persist it either by dumping the dataset to disk every once in a while, or by appending each command to a log. Persistence can be optionally disabled, if you just need a feature-rich, networked, in-memory cache. Redis also supports trivial-to-setup master-slave asynchronous replication, with very fast non-blocking first synchronization, auto-reconnection with partial resynchronization on net split. … 
**Metric-Constrained Kernel Union-of-Subspaces (MC-KUoS)** Modern information processing relies on the axiom that high-dimensional data lie near low-dimensional geometric structures. This paper revisits the problem of data-driven learning of these geometric structures and puts forth two new nonlinear geometric models for data describing ‘related’ objects/phenomena. The first one of these models straddles the two extremes of the subspace model and the union-of-subspaces model, and is termed the metric-constrained union-of-subspaces (MC-UoS) model. The second one of these models—suited for data drawn from a mixture of nonlinear manifolds—generalizes the kernel subspace model, and is termed the metric-constrained kernel union-of-subspaces (MC-KUoS) model. The main contributions of this paper in this regard include the following. First, it motivates and formalizes the problems of MC-UoS and MC-KUoS learning. Second, it presents algorithms that efficiently learn an MC-UoS or an MC-KUoS underlying data of interest. Third, it extends these algorithms to the case when parts of the data are missing. Last, but not least, it reports the outcomes of a series of numerical experiments involving both synthetic and real data that demonstrate the superiority of the proposed geometric models and learning algorithms over existing approaches in the literature. These experiments also help clarify the connections between this work and the literature on (subspace and kernel k-means) clustering.GitXiv … 

### Like this:
Like Loading...

*Related*

