---
layout:     post
title:      Anyone want to run this Bayesian computing conference in 2022?
subtitle:   转载自：http://andrewgelman.com/2018/06/30/anyone-want-run-bayesian-computing-conference-2022/
date:       2018-07-01
author:     Andrew
header-img: img/background1.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - computational
    - computing
    - methods
    - frontier
    - tools
---

The Bayesian Computation Section of ISBA is soliciting proposals to host its flagship conference:

Bayes Comp 2022

The expectation is that the meeting will be held in January 2022, but the committee will consider proposals for other times through January 2023. 

Bayes Comp 2022 will be the 3rd edition of this new conference series, which is the current incarnation of the popular MCMSki series. The conference aims at promoting original research and recent advances in the theory and application of Bayesian computational methods, and encourage the use of frontier computational tools from various disciplines among statisticians and practitioners. A three-day meeting is planned, perhaps with an additional day or two of satellite meetings and/or short courses.

One page proposals should address feasibility of hosting the meeting including 

1.Proposed dates.2.Transportation for international participants (both the proximity of international airports and transportation to/from the venue).3.The conference facilities.4.The availability and cost of hotels, including low cost options.5.The proposed local organizing committee and their collective experience organizing international meetings. 6.Expected or promised contributions from the host organization, host country, or industrial partners towards the cost of running the meetings. 7.Financing plan, including an estimate of the registration fee to break even and an alternative profit option, with information about the organization that will benefit from the profit. 

Proposals should be submitted to Mylène Bédard (Program Chair) at mylene.bedard@umontreal.ca no later than September 30, 2018.

The Board of the Bayesian Computing Section will evaluate the proposals, choose a venue, and appoint the Program Committee for Bayes Comp 2022.
