---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      What’s going on on PyPI
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/09/06/whats-going-on-on-pypi-6/
date:      2019-09-06
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - pipelines
    - kfp
    - dependencies
    - kubeflow
    - chatbots
---

Scanning all new published packages on PyPI I know that the quality is often quite bad. I try to filter out the worst ones and list here the ones which might be worth a look, being followed or inspire you in some way.

• **coco-puppet**Modular composable chatbot development. Puppet is a high-level toolkit for building chatbots using conversational components. Try puppet if you want to make your chatbot modular using composable components.

• **ddplt**Useful utility functions for evaluation of ML. The main motivation behind this package is to create a single place where the utility functions for ML projects are located. These functions represent the best I was able to scrape from various tutorials or offical documentation on the web.

• **DeepBrainSeg**Deep Learning tool for brain tumor segmentation.

• **EntityRelation**A package to extract relations between entities. this maybe helpful and a important link for constructing KG. base on DSNF(Dependency Semantic Normal Forms) for now.

• **gingertree**Format conversion and graphical representation of [Universal Dependencies](http://universaldependencies.org ) trees.

• **keylimepie**Python tools to run and analyse LIME models

• **kubeflow-kale**Convert JupyterNotebooks to Kubeflow Pipelines deployments. Kale is a Python package that aims at automatically deploy a general purpose Jupyter Notebook as a running [Kubeflow Pipelines](https://…/pipelines ) instance, without requiring the use the specific KFP DSL. The general idea of kale is to automatically arrange the cells included in a notebook, and transform them into a unified KFP-compliant pipeline. To do so, the user is only required to decide which cells correspond to which pipeline step, by the use of tags. In this way, a researcher can better focus on building and testing its code locally, and then scale it in a simple, organized and controlled way.

• **laizy**AI Tools for Lazy Developpers

• **pywarm**A cleaner way to build neural networks for PyTorch.

• **rankaggregation**Python implementations of rank aggregation methods for ranked lists.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
