---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      R Packages worth a look
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/09/03/r-packages-worth-a-look-1624/
date:      2019-09-03
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - mediation
    - doi
    - effects
    - analysis
    - variance
---

***SPRE Statistics for Exploring Heterogeneity in Meta-Analysis*** (**getspres**)An implementation of SPRE (standardised predicted random-effects) statistics in R to explore heterogeneity in genetic association meta- analyses, as described by Magosi et al. (2019) <doi:10.1093/bioinformatics/btz590>. SPRE statistics are precision weighted residuals that indicate the direction and extent with which individual study-effects in a meta-analysis deviate from the average genetic effect. Overly influential positive outliers have the potential to inflate average genetic effects in a meta-analysis whilst negative outliers might lower or change the direction of effect. See the ‘getspres’ website for documentation and examples <https://…/>. 

***Wavelet Variance*** (**wv**)Provides a series of tools to compute and plot quantities related to classical and robust wavelet variance for time series and regular lattices. More details can be found, for example, in Serroukh, A., Walden, A.T., & Percival, D.B. (2000) <doi:10.2307/2669537> and Guerrier, S. & Molinari, R. (2016) <arXiv:1607.05858>.

***High Dimensional Bayesian Mediation Analysis*** (**hdbm**)Perform mediation analysis in the presence of high-dimensional mediators based on the potential outcome framework. High dimensional Bayesian mediation (HDBM), developed by Song et al (2018) <doi:10.1101/467399>, relies on two Bayesian sparse linear mixed models to simultaneously analyze a relatively large number of mediators for a continuous exposure and outcome assuming a small number of mediators are truly active. This sparsity assumption also allows the extension of univariate mediator analysis by casting the identification of active mediators as a variable selection problem and applying Bayesian methods with continuous shrinkage priors on the effects.

***Extract Values from Raster*** (**ExtractTrainData**)By using a multispectral image and ESRI shapefile (Point/Polygon), a data table will be generating for classification or regression. The data table will be contained by band wise raster values and class ids.

***Allan Variance*** (**avar**)Implements the allan variance and allan variance linear regression estimator for latent time series models. More details about the method can be found, for example, in Guerrier, S., Molinari, R., & Stebler, Y. (2016) <doi:10.1109/LSP.2016.2541867>.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
