---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      R Packages worth a look
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/09/03/r-packages-worth-a-look-1623/
date:      2019-09-03
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - item
    - doi
    - features
    - parameters
    - functions
---

***Evaluation of Model-Data Fit in Item Response Theory (IRT) and Useful Functions Related to IRT*** (**irtplay**)Examine the IRT model-data fit on item-level in different ways as well as provide useful functions related to unidimensional item response theory (IRT). In terms of assessing the IRT model-data fit, one of distinguished features of this package is that it gives not only well-known item fit statistics (e.g., chi-square, infit and oufit statistics (Ames & Penfield (2015) <doi:10.1111/emip.12067>)) but also graphical displays to look at residuals between between the observed data and model-based predictions (Hambleton, Swaminathan, & Rogers (1991, ISBN:9780803936478)). More evaluation methods will be included in the future updated version. In addition to the evaluation of IRT model-data fit, there are several useful functions such as estimating proficiency parameters, calibrating item parameters given the fixed effects (aka. ability values) (Baker & Kim (2004, ISBN:9780824758257)), computing asymptotic variance-covariance matrices of item parameter estimates (Li & Lissitz (2004) <doi:10.1111/j.1745-3984.2004.tb01109.x>), importing item and/or ability parameters from popular IRT software, generating simulated data, computing the conditional distribution of observed scores using the Lord-Wingersky recursion formula (Lord & Wingersky (1984) <doi:10.1207/s15324818ame1002_1>), computing item and test information functions, computing item and test characteristic curve functions, and plotting item and test characteristic curves and item and test information functions.

***Processing of Model Parameters*** (**parameters**)Utilities for processing the parameters of various statistical models. Beyond computing p values, CIs, and other indices for a wide variety of models (see support list of insight; Lüdecke, Waggoner & Makowski (2019) <doi:10.21105/joss.01412>), this package implements features like standardization or bootstrapping of parameters and models, feature reduction (feature extraction and variable selection) as well as conversion between indices of effect size.

***Read and Write Files to SQLite Databases*** (**dbflobr**)Reads and writes files to SQLite databases <https://…/index.html> as flobs (a flob is a blob that preserves the file extension).

***List Balancing for Reweighting and Population Synthesis*** (**ipfr**)Performs iterative proportional updating given a seed table and an arbitrary number of marginal distributions. This is commonly used in population synthesis, survey raking, matrix rebalancing, and other applications. For example, a household survey may be weighted to match the known distribution of households by size from the census. An origin/ destination trip matrix might be balanced to match traffic counts. The approach used by this package is based on a paper from Arizona State University (Ye, Xin, et. al. (2009) <http://…1.1.537.723&rep=rep1&type=pdf> ). Some enhancements have been made to their work including primary and secondary target balance/importance, general marginal agreement, and weight restriction.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
