---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      What’s going on on PyPI
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/09/07/whats-going-on-on-pypi-7/
date:      2019-09-07
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - python
    - optimization
    - optimizes
    - pytorch
    - packages
---

Scanning all new published packages on PyPI I know that the quality is often quite bad. I try to filter out the worst ones and list here the ones which might be worth a look, being followed or inspire you in some way.

• **spellygrammarc**Python package for spelling and grammar correction

• **textwrangler**A simple library for cleaning and pre-processing text.

• **torecsys**Pure PyTorch Recommender System Module. ToR[e]cSys is a Python package which implementing famous recommendation system algorithm in PyTorch, including Click-through-rate prediction, Learning-to-ranking, and Items Embedding.

• **TPOT-SH**Tree-based Pipeline Optimization Tool – Successive Halving. A Python tool that automatically creates and optimizes machine learning pipelines using genetic programming.

• **Twista**Twitter streaming and graph-based analysis framework

• **xmchat**Library for building powerful interactive chatbot in Python

• **emate**eMaTe is a python package implemented in tensorflow which the main goal is provide useful methods capable of estimate spectral densities and trace functions of large sparse matrices.

• **scikit-opt**Genetic Algorithm, Particle Swarm Optimization, Simulated Annealing, Ant Colony Algorithm in Python

• **scikit-opt-guofei9987**Genetic Algorithm, Particle Swarm Optimization, Simulated Annealing, Ant Colony Algorithm in Python

• **torchbnn**Bayesian Neural Network for PyTorch. This is a lightweight repository of bayesian neural network for Pytorch. There are bayesian versions of pytorch layers and some utils. The aim is to help construct bayesian neural network intuitively.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
