---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Packages for Testing your R Package
subtitle:      转载自：https://itsalocke.com/blog/packages-for-testing-your-r-package/
date:      2018-10-22
author:      未知
tags:
    - testing
    - tests
    - test_this
    - test folder
    - packages
---

Testing your R package is crucial, and thankfully it only gets easier with time, thanks to experience… and awesome packages helping you setup and improve tests! In this post, we shall offer a roundup of packages for testing R packages, first in a section about general testing setup, and then in a section about testing “peculiar” stuff.

## Create tests

If you’re brand-new to unit testing your R package, I’d recommend reading this chapter from Hadley Wickham’s book about R packages.

There’s an R package called `RUnit` for unit testing, but in the whole post we’ll mention resources around the `testthat` package since it’s the one we use in our packages, and arguably the most popular one. `testthat` is great! Don’t hesitate to reads its docs again if you started using it a while ago, since the latest major release added the `setup()` and `teardown()` functions to run code before and after all tests, very handy.

To setup testing in an existing package i.e. creating the test folder and adding `testthat` as a dependency, run `usethis::use_testthat()`. In our WIP `pRojects` package, we set up the tests directory for you so you don’t forget. Then, in any case, add new tests for a function using `usethis::use_test()`.

The `testthis` package might help make your testing workflow even smoother. In particular, `test_this()` “reloads the package and runs tests associated with the currently open R script file.”, and there’s also a function for opening the test file associated with the current R script.

## Assess your tests

To get a sense of how good your tests are, check these out:

`covr` computes the *test coverage* i.e. the percentage of lines of code that are covered by tests. `covr` allows skipping some lines. If run on Travis or Appveyor, for instance, it can send a report to online coverage tools such as CodeCov or Coveralls, allowing you to visualize the coverage. At Locke Data we mostly don’t run `covr` locally but instead have it run on Travis. To set that up, `usethis::use_coverage()`.
Here is Coveralls report for `HIBPwned` and the corresponding badge. See a CodeCov report for comparison.
- `covrpage` creates a detailed coverage report that can serve as a README for your test folder. We’ve done that for `HIBPwned` so now without clicking in a coverage report, thanks to “detailed test results”, you can see the tests associated with each context.


Now, sometimes you might encounter cases of things that you don’t quite know how to test. Here’s a small list, but please comment about anything we’ve forgotten!

## Mocking

Sometimes you need to test whether your package works as expected “if something happens”, “if a thing has this value” and can’t rely on arguments. E.g. what happens if the environment variable `GITHUB_PAT` doesn’t exist, or if a dependency isn’t installed? In such cases, what you might be after is *mocking*. The `testthat` package itself has a `with_mock()` function, but it’s now recommended to rather use the `mockery` or `mockr` packages.

## Webmocking

If the mocking you need to perform is e.g. mimicking a 404 result from an API, or saving a web API response and replay it to not have to re-query the API at each test, you can use:

- `webmockr` like we did for `HIBPwned`

- `vcr` and `webmockr` together, see `vcr` docs. It works for both `crul` and `httr`. `vcr` docs include a list of packages using `vcr` for testing in the wild.

- `httptest` for `httr` only.


## Test plot outputs

You can test your plot outputs haven’t changed by using `vdiffr`. To set things up you need to run `vdiffr::manage_cases()`.

## Test Shiny apps

Fear not, there’s a whole package dedicated to help you test Shiny apps! Check out `shinytest`.

## Test RStudio add-ins

The `remedy` package by ThinkR has tests for its add-ins. They need to be run only when RStudio is available so a helper defines a `skip_if_not_rstudio()` function. Thanks to Colin Fay for showing it to me.

## Test htmlwidgets?

I’ll be honest, I haven’t seen examples of this in the wild, which is not surprising given I don’t use htmlwidgets a lot. Still, worth mentioning are:

- `viztest` tests htmlwidgets based on screenshots.

- the idea to test the content of the html before or after interactions. `rdom` can be a part of such a workflow: `rdom` + `xml2` to scrape the result + `testthat` of course. Thanks to David Gohel for telling me this!


## Test interactive behavior?

This is another topic I haven’t totally figured out, but I like using `usethis` tests as a reference, be it the manual/ folder or the testthat/ folder. `testthis` tests might also be an inspiration.

The ecosystem for R package testing is getting more and more complete and automatic, which is very exciting. To *deploy* your tests, you’ll need to learn about continuous integration, which thankfully is also an area with exciting developments. Maybe a subject for another post… In the meantime, feel free to tell us about your favourite resources for testing packages!
