---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      In case you missed it： September 2018 roundup
subtitle:      转载自：http://blog.revolutionanalytics.com/2018/10/in-case-you-missed-it-september-2018-roundup.html
date:      2018-10-03
author:      David Smith
tags:
    - machine
    - op
    - vision
    - london
    - science
---

In case you missed them, here are some articles from September of particular interest to R users.

R code by Barry Rowlingson to replicate an XKCD comic about curve fitting.

The rayshader package creates 3-D relief maps in R with perspective, shadows, and depth of field.

The R Developer's Guide to Azure, with links to documentation for Azure cloud services integrating R.

A review of many commercial applications of R presented at EARL London 2018.

Roundup of AI, Machine Learning and Data Science news from September 2018.

A Shiny app using the Custom Vision API to identify pictures (or not) of hotdogs.

Two academic articles use survey techniques to estimate casualties from Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico.

Yihui Xie describes the benefits of RMarkdown documents in response to criticism of Jupyter Notebooks.

A video demonstrates the use of R and Python in Azure HDinsight. 

Similarity analyses in R used to identify candidate authors for an anonymous op-ed in the New York Times.

A review of the book "SQL Server 2017 Machine Learning Services with R".

And some general interest stories (not necessarily related to R):

As always, thanks for the comments and please send any suggestions to me at davidsmi@microsoft.com. Don't forget you can follow the blog using an RSS reader, via email using blogtrottr, or by following me on Twitter (I'm @revodavid). You can find roundups of previous months here. 
