---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      RcppRedis 0.1.9
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/eg--08EIrXc/
date:      2018-10-27
author:      Thinking inside the box
tags:
    - builds
    - cran
    - functions
    - hiredis
    - rcppredis
---






A new minor release of RcppRedis arrived on CRAN earlier today. RcppRedis is one of several packages to connect R to the fabulous Redis in-memory datastructure store (and much more). RcppRedis does not pretend to be feature complete, but it may do some things faster than the other interfaces, and also offers an optional coupling with MessagePack binary (de)serialization via RcppMsgPack. The package has carried production loads for several years now.

This release adds a few functions for the *hash* data structure thanks to Whit. I also relented and now embed the small hiredis C library as I got tired of seeing builds fail on macOS where the CRAN maintainer was either unwilling or unable to install an external hiredis library. Some packaging details were also brushed up. Fuller details below.

> 
Changes in version 0.1.9 (2018-10-27)


The `configure` setup is more robust with respect to the C++ setup [CRAN request].


The Travis builds was updated to R 3.5 along with all others (#34).


A new Redis function `hexists` was added (Whit Armstrong in #35).


The hiredis library source is now included, and built on all systems unwilling or unable to provide it (#36).


Added hash functions HDEL, HLEN, HKEYS, and HGETALL (Whit Armstrong in #38).




Courtesy of CRANberries, there is also a diffstat report for this release. More information is on the RcppRedis page.


This post by Dirk Eddelbuettel originated on his Thinking inside the box blog. Please report excessive re-aggregation in third-party for-profit settings.




*Related*








---
