---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Announcing Ursa Labs's partnership with NVIDIA
subtitle:      转载自：http://wesmckinney.com/blog/ursa-labs-partner-nvidia/
date:      2018-10-10
author:      Wes McKinney
tags:
    - data
    - arrow
    - memory
    - development
    - developers
---





** Wed 10 October 2018

 

I'm excited to announce that NVIDIA AI Labs has signed on as a supporter
of Ursa Labs. NVIDIA's new open source RAPIDS data science platform
uses Apache Arrow for an interoperable representation of tabular data
(data frames). We are looking forward to collaborating on our respective
development roadmaps and growing the ecosystem of projects that use Arrow.

This new financial support will enable us to grow our team of full-time open
source software developers.

## Apache Arrow: An Open Standard for Columnar Data on the GPU

When NVIDIA and a group of startups embarked on the GPU Open Analytics
Initiative last year to build libraries of pandas-style analytics for
CUDA-powered GPU devices, they had to solve the problem of data portability
between systems. The cost of serialization or memory copying can frequently
exceed that of the underlying GPU kernel execution.

Anyone who's been actively following my blog posts, presentations, and Twitter
feed will know that Apache Arrow is fundamentally about making it easy to
share data and share algorithms.

If you can't share data at zero cost, then crossing languages or computation
 environments incurs a high penalty
You generally cannot share algorithms (code) without utilizing common
 in-memory data structures

The Arrow columnar format is an ideal fit for in-memory analytics on GPUs. The
contiguous columnar memory layout is efficient for the manycore CUDA execution
model.

Since last year, I have been working to involve GPGPU community with the Apache
Arrow development community. Initially, Graphistry contributed a
TypeScript implementation of Arrow for use in JavaScript. I contributed
accelerated Arrow-based data ingest to the MapD GPU database. We now have
a CUDA Arrow extension library in C++ (with Python bindings) for managing
interprocess communication and CUDA device memory management.

## Looking ahead

It's an exciting time both for the Apache Arrow community as well as GPGPU
developers who might be interested in powering up their feature engineering and
data preparation with GPU-enabled libraries.

We're grateful for NVIDIA's support of Ursa Labs and look forward to growing a
larger team and continuing to make progress on the tech roadmap.

If you or your company would be interested in becoming a sponsor also, please
get in touch with us at info@ursalabs.org.
