---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Proof that 1/7 is a repeated decimal
subtitle:      转载自：https://www.data-blogger.com/2018/10/05/proof-that-1-7-is-a-repeated-decimal/
date:      2018-10-05
author:      Kevin Jacobs
tags:
    - latex
    - a_n
    - x_n
    - post
    - feel
---

This blog post serves as an exercise and solution to the following question:

$latex \frac{1}{7}=0.\overline{142857}$

In plain English: is the fraction $latex \frac{1}{7}$ a repeated decimal?

## Recurring pattern

How can we tackle such a problem? First note that we have to deal with a recurring pattern: a pattern that refers to itself. One useful concept to model such problems is the concept of sequences. We can model the repeated decimal by the following sequence:

$latex 0.\overline{142857}=x_n$

$latex x_{n+1}=0.142857 + 10^{-6} x_n$






With $latex x_0=0$

How does that work? How does this sequence approximate the repeated fraction? First, take a look at $latex x_1$. $latex x_1=0.142857+10^{-6}\cdot x_0=0.142857$. Now, take a look at the following item in the sequence: $latex x_2=0.142857+10^{-6}\cdot x_1=0.142857142857$. So, it concatenates “142857” and the recurring pattern constructed so far. By that property we know that the sequence $latex x_n$ equals the repeated decimal if $latex n$ approaches $latex \infty$.






## The proof

We would like to proof that $latex \frac{1}{7}=0.\overline{142857}$. This is equal to proving that $latex 1=7 \cdot 0.\overline{142857}$. This equals $latex 1 – 7 \cdot 0.\overline{142857}$ and this is equal to proving that $latex 1 – 7 \cdot \lim\limits_{n \rightarrow \infty} x_n = 0$.

### Another sequence

Lets introduce another sequence:

$latex a_n = 1 – 7 \cdot x_n$

Notice that the statement we need to proof is the same as the following:

$latex 1 – 7 \cdot \lim\limits_{n \rightarrow \infty} x_n = 0 \iff\lim\limits_{n \rightarrow \infty} a_n $

Now notice that:

$latex a_{n+1}=1-7 \cdot x_{n+1}=1 – 7 \cdot (x_n \cdot 10^{-6} + 0.142857)$

$latex a_{n+1}=1 – 10^{-6} \cdot 7 \cdot x_n – 0.999999$

$latex a_{n+1}=0.000001 – 10^{-6}\cdot 7 \cdot x_n$

$latex a_{n+1}=10^{-6}-10^{-6}  \cdot 7 \cdot x_n$

$latex a_{n+1}=10^{-6}\cdot(1 – 7 \cdot x_n)$

Thus:

$latex a_{n+1}=10^{-6} \cdot a_n$

And thus we know that:

$latex a_{n+k}=10^{-6k} \cdot a_n$

Thus:

$latex a_k=10^{-6k} \cdot a_0$

From this, we get that:

$latex \lim\limits_{k \rightarrow \infty} a_k = a_0 \cdot \lim\limits_{k \rightarrow \infty} 10^{-6k} = 0$

And from this we can deduce the earlier statement, thus:

$latex \frac{1}{7}=0.\overline{142857}$ 

Thus, $latex \frac{1}{7}$ is indeed equal to the repeated fraction $latex 0.\overline{142857}$! If you have any questions or suggestions, feel free to post them below!





