---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Life in Madrid seen through BiciMAD
subtitle:      转载自：https://rinzewind.org/blog-en/2018/life-in-madrid-seen-through-bicimad.html
date:      2018-10-10
author:      José María Mateos
tags:
    - data
    - ara
    - looked
    - development
    - individual trips
---

This below is just an image so this looks pretty. The animation I want to 
publish is available here if you don't mind going to 
YouTube, or 
here 
hosted on this server.



BiciMAD has published data about individual trips 
made with their 
bikes, so 
this weekend I downloaded them and I have been trying to give them some shape. 
When I started working with this, data from September 2018 wasn't yet available, 
so I chose two days from September 2017 (20, Wednesday --left panel--, and 24, 
Sunday --right panel--) to see what it looked like on a working day and a 
holiday.

I won't go into much detail because the 
code tells the story. Most of the work 
involved reading the data points in a way that made easy to send them to 
ggplot2. Map data is by 
OpenStreetMap through theStamen API, via 
ggmap. If someone wants to run run the code, 
it needs the latest development version of this library, installed usingdevtools. The code 
writes individual images that I then joined using ffmpeg; 
at some point in the past I tried to use some R library for animations but I 
didn't manage to make it work and this has never failed me.

Caveats:

As datapoints ara anonymized (they are all grouped by the hour at which the 
 trip starts, but no minute or seconds), I've simplified the problem and I've 
 supposed that trips are uniformly distributed within each hour. Which they are 
 not, but it's good enough for this.
There are some weird trips (several kilometers covered in a few seconds) or 
 trips that take several days. I haven't cleaned the data up, I just truncated 
 the animation at the end of the day.
Probably starting the animation at midnight is not the best option, but I've 
 run this in a quite old computer that was already struggling with one day of 
 data held in memory. I could have read it chunkwise and then proceed in 
 smaller pieces, but I'm too lazy already.
