---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      A few upcoming R conferences
subtitle:      转载自：http://blog.revolutionanalytics.com/2018/10/a-few-upcoming-r-conferences.html
date:      2018-10-05
author:      David Smith
tags:
    - conferences
    - r taking
    - dc
    - satrdays
    - community
---

Here are some conferences focused on R taking place in the next few months:

**Oct 26: Nor'eastR Conference**(Providence, RI). A one-day R conference, organized by grassroots R community members in the Northeastern US. 

**Oct 27: SatRdays Belgrade** (Serbia). Another city joins the popular SatRDays series of one-day, community led conferences.****

**Nov 7: EARL Seattle** (Seattle, WA). The EARL London conference goes on a Stateside road trip, with a 1-day stop in Seattle.

**Nov 8-9: DC R Conference**(Washington, DC). From the same organizers as the fantastic New York R Conference, this DC-based outpost will feature speakers including Mara Averick, Roger Peng, and Emily Robinson.

**Nov 9: EARL Houston** (Houston TX). The EARL roadshow continues with a stop in Texas.

**Nov 13: EARL Boston** (Boston, MA). The EARL roadshow concludes with a 1-day event in Boston.

**Dec 8: SatRDays DC** (Washington, DC). Talk proposals for this Washington, DC instance of SatRDays are open until October 31.

**Jan 15-18 2019: RStudio::conf** (Austin, TX). The annual conference from the makers of RStudio takes place in  Austin, Texas.

I go to a lot of conferences these days, but those organized by the R community remain my favorite. Attending one of these events is a great way to learn new R skills, but equally importantly to meet other R users from a different disciplines, and perhaps discover that their problems and applications aren't that dissimilar from your own. I'll be at many of the events listed above, and I look forward to meeting you all there.

If you can't find an event at the right time or place for you, take a look at the index linked below for a list of upcoming meetups, conferences and events from the R community. (Know one that's not listed? You can submit a pull request by clicking the pencil icon in the top row.)

Jumping Rivers: R conferences and meetings
