---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Building a data warehouse
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/v2uqs4PYqfo/
date:      2018-10-17
author:      Kathy Latour
tags:
    - claude
    - data
    - server
    - learned
    - learning
---





Are you looking for some more information on building a **data warehouse**? The Intellixus website is the place you need to be today. A dedicated individual called Claude set up this blog in order to share some of his valuable knowledge he has learned over the years with each of his readers. He has a wealth of experience and has been working within this industry since 1996, initially working with **SQL Server** version 4.2. He is always happy to help and wanted to share his knowledge with more people, no matter whether he has had a chance to meet them or not.

 

When building a **data warehouse**, **academics** and **researchers** have been practicing **statistical** and **Machine Learning** techniques like **regression analysis**, **linear programming**, **supervised** and **unsupervised learning** for a long time. R and Python are top class tools for **Machine Learning** and while these languages come with clever and convenient data manipulation tools, it would be a mistake to think that they can be a replacement for platforms that specialise in **data management**.

 

Claude has been recently been exploring all the things one can do to enhance the usefulness of **data warehouses**, in particular the R and Microsoft’s R Server line of products. Over the years, he has had many friends and ex-colleagues that call him every so often because they’re stuck on a problem or they want some general advice on a technical issue. 

 

If you need some assistance when building a **data warehouse**, the Intellixus website is the place you need to visit today. However, if you would like to have a chat with Claude directly and have some unanswered questions, leave a comment on the relevant blog post and I’m sure he will be more than happy to help you.

The post Building a data warehouse appeared first on Claude Seidman – The Data Guy.


*Related*








---
