---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      WoRkshop in ToRonto
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/8LnzDZ_QGsw/
date:      2018-10-16
author:      R on Gianluca Baio
tags:
    - original advert
    - petros
    - darth
    - december
    - fun despite
---





Petros and his colleagues at DARTH have organised a workshop on Decision Modeling in R, in Toronto (Canada) — the exact dates are 5-7 December 2018.

Here’s Petros’ original advert

> 
We are excited to announce that the Decision Analysis in R for Technologies in Health (DARTH) workgroup, in collaboration with the Hospital for Sick Children and partnering institutions, will be giving a 3-day workshop on **Decision modeling using R** in Toronto, Canada!
**When**: Wednesday December 5th to Friday December 7th, 2018
**Location**: The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, Canada
*Please note that you may register to attend in-person or by webinar*
For novice R users, a 1-day ‘Introduction to R’ course will be offered on Tuesday December 4th, 2018.
For more information and registration details, please visit: http://darthworkgroup.com/workshops/ or visit: the Workshop’s website.
Please feel free to share this information with anyone you think will be interested.
For further information, please contact us here.


I went to give an intense lecture on BCEA and then a seminar on our work on EVPPI a couple of years back — and I did have a lot of fun, despite the very cold weather (but then it was in February, so possibly much worse than this time around).

More importantly, I think the guys at DARTH are doing a very nice and complementary work on pushing people around so that they use R as much as possible in economic evaluation and so I think events like this are absolutely great!


*Related*








---
