---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Distilled News
subtitle:      转载自：https://advanceddataanalytics.net/2018/10/08/distilled-news-880/
date:      2018-10-08
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - learning
    - gpus
    - data
    - common
    - centers
---

**Percentile Demonstration**

This document describes the percentile as a robust measure of central tendency and spread within a distribution of values. Examples are given for its application in the context of soil data summaries.

**Common Information Model**

The DMTF’s Common Information Model (CIM) provides a common definition of management information for systems, networks, applications and services, and allows for vendor extensions.

**Human-Centered Machine Learning**

Machine learning (ML) is the science of helping computers discover patterns and relationships in data instead of being manually programmed. It’s a powerful tool for creating personalized and dynamic experiences, and it’s already driving everything from Netflix recommendations to autonomous cars. But as more and more experiences are built with ML, it’s clear that UXers still have a lot to learn about how to make users feel in control of the technology, and not the other way round.

**The Coders Programming Themselves Out of a Job**

When workers automate their own duties, who should reap the benefits?

**Inferring The Future Of The FPGA, And Then Making It**

Technologies often start out in one place and then find themselves in another. The architecture of the GPU was initially driven by the need for 3D graphics for video games, was co-opted as a massively parallel processor for HPC workloads, and finally became the engine for machine learning training, forever changing its architecture, particularly with the latest ‘Pascal’ and ‘Volta’ GPUs aimed at the Tesla accelerator lines. The changes in the GPU architecture to do machine learning better didn’t make GPUs any less valuable to gamers or HPC centers, but it is clear what is driving the technology.





### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

