---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      RApiDatetime 0.0.4： Updates and Extensions
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/pZtDxM43pTM/
date:      2018-10-21
author:      Thinking inside the box
tags:
    - rapidatetime
    - functions
    - convert
    - pretest
    - code
---






The first update in a little while brings us release 0.0.4 of RApiDatetime which got onto CRAN this morning via the *lovely* automated sequence of submission, pretest-recheck and pretest-publish.

RApiDatetime provides seven entry points for C-level functions of the R API for `Date` and `Datetime` calculations. The functions `asPOSIXlt` and `asPOSIXct` convert between long and compact datetime representation, `formatPOSIXlt` and `Rstrptime` convert to and from character strings, and `POSIXlt2D` and `D2POSIXlt` convert between `Date` and `POSIXlt` datetime. This releases brings `asDatePOSIXct` as a seventh courtesy of Josh Ulrich. All these functions are all fairly useful, but not one of them was previously exported by R for C-level use by other packages. Which is silly as this is generally extremely carefully written and tested code.

I also updated the exported base R code to what is in R 3.5.1 right now, added a few `#nocov` declarations (not all which are reflected at the codecov page yet, and added a dependency badge at the GitHub repo.

> 
Changes in RApiDatetime version 0.0.4 (2018-10-21)


New function `asDatePOSIXct` (Josh Ulrich in #2)


Synchronized with upstream code in base R (Dirk in #3)




Courtesy of CRANberries, there is a comparison to the previous release. More information is on the rapidatetime page.

For questions or comments please use the issue tracker off the GitHub repo.


This post by Dirk Eddelbuettel originated on his Thinking inside the box blog. Please report excessive re-aggregation in third-party for-profit settings.




*Related*








---
