---
layout:     post
title:      Scala Basics Continued for Python Developers
subtitle:   转载自：http://bugra.github.io/work/notes/2014-10-20/scala-basics-continued-for-python-developers/
date:       2014-10-20
author:     Bugra Akyildiz
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - functions
    - use functionality
    - classes
    - matching
    - scala
    - programming
    - inheritance
    - conditional
    - data
    - pattern
    - arguments
    - map
---

## Classes

### Inheritance

In Scala, inheritance works in the same way as Java. You could extend
the parent class either overriding the methods or building on top of
parent class. 

#### Traits

If you want to use functionality of other class and do not have direct
inheritance between two classes, `trait`s are very useful for mixin for
those applications. 

## Functions

### Partial Function Call

In the [previous post](http://bugra.github.io/work/notes/2014-10-20/scala-basics-continued-for-python-developers), if I want to use closure-like function
factories, I showed how one may could apply currying to leave one or
more parameters in the function call. Instead of curring, one could
leave out one of the parameters in the function call and still be able
to get a function. So, let's assume I have the following
`adderFactory`:

Note that, this version is more flexible in terms of which variables are
not used. If you know which variables are first used, and which would be
used in the returned function, then you could use directly currying. If
not, this approach would still works as in the following:

Also, I could curry the multiple argument functions however I like.

In Python, we could use decorators to to be able to use somewhat similar 
paradigm, but currying is more powerful as you could leave out
parameters and then could pass in later steps.

### Variable Argument Function Call

In Python, I could capture the variable arguments by position using
`*`, and variable arguments by keywords `**`.

Similarly, (even systax resembles to Python), one can do the same thing
in Scala as well using `*`:

#### Functional Programming

Scala supports functional programming quite heavily in both programming
language and other constructs that it uses. `map`, `reduce`, `fold` and
many more constructs are defined on powerful data structures.

Using anonymous functions, (since functions are first-class citizens),
 I could pass the function to other higher order functions.

We could also define our function and pass that function into map, and
even better we could use combinators to be more expressive:

`filter` is also similar except it accepts a predicate to be able to
filter the list. Function combinators could be still used as in the case
of `map`.

#### Function Composition

We could have function compoosition as well, let's assume we have the
following two functions:

I could compose this functions using partially applied functions with
`compose` as in the following:

If we want to reverse the order in the function call, we could use
`andThen`(or simply reverse the order using `compose`):

### Pattern Matching

One of the mostly praised aspect of the language. Quite comprehensive and even sometimes replaces conditional statements in order to control the flow of the program.

Pattern matching could be also used for matching different types as well. But most importantly, if you want to match objects, you could use `case class`es in order to match based on attributes of an object which is very useful as it completely gets rid of writing custom functions. 

#### Case Classes

Case classes are great for pattern matching as well:
