---
layout:     post
title:      Name Changes Across Years in USA
subtitle:   转载自：http://bugra.github.io/work/notes/2014-07-31/baby-names-years-usa-social-security/
date:       2014-07-31
author:     Bugra Akyildiz
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - names
    - social
    - prefers
    - preferences
    - popular
    - individuals
    - individuality
    - trends
    - create
    - height
    - people
    - looks hair
---

Social security records [names](http://www.ssa.gov/oact/babynames) starting as early as 1880 and publishes the names along with their locations. My aim is to first look at the name distribution(most popular ones) over the years and then try to see the trends of the names in this post.

### Why names?[¶](http://bugra.github.io/work/notes/2014-07-31/baby-names-years-usa-social-security#Why-names?)

Some may ask. Names are quite important for individuals as they become an integral part of their identities, but more importantly they actually could show social characteristics of parents as well. Further, they may convey the historical background, social-economic class, political view and many more important information about parents and also they may reveal some interesting information about society as well: cultural trends, language, popular movies(!) around the birth.

If you consider two societies where one of them prefers individuals over community and the other one prefers community over individuals. You would naturally expect that the distinctiveness of names would be higher in the first society as they want to be distinct and try to emphasize the individuality whereas the other society wouldn't have any problem to give same names for different people.

If this is too abstract, military would be a great example to make it concrete. It is not enough to make the clothing, looks(similar hair cuts, always shaved, accepting only a particular height/weight range) same but also everybody gets to called **soldier**. No names. There is no individuality, everybody is treated same and everybody is expected to behave, obey the rules under same conditions. Individuality or personal preferences are no longer very important.

So, names are important. But why do people choose over one name over others? As I mentioned earlier, names are not only dependent on parents but also society, trends, culture. They are influenced by society and due to partially for this reason, they may algo create biases for different segments in the society. Take a look at the following paper: some names(not people) get even [racial discrimination](http://foreverdata.org/onlineads/study.html) if you are still not convinced that names are important and play somehow significant part in our lives.

Let's look at what data has to say name trends over years in USA.
