---
layout:     post
title:      How to predict abstention rates with open data
subtitle:   转载自：http://www.louisdorard.com/blog/predict-abstention-rates-open-data
date:       2014-07-29
author:     Louis Dorard
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - visualization
    - sunburst
    - arcs
    - people
    - predicted abstention
    - electrical
    - model
    - assembled check
    - households
    - tiny bit
    - predictions
    - certain conditions
    - nate
    - degrees spanned
    - occupations
    - farmers
---

**How to read the SunBurst visualization:**

- Each arc corresponds to a set of townships that satisfy certain conditions — hover your mouse over a few of these arcs to see examples.

- The color of the arc reflects the average predicted abstention rate for the corresponding set of townships.

- Arcs are split into sub-arcs, representing subsets, as you move away from the center.

- The number of degrees spanned by an arc is proportional to the number of townships found in the data that belong to the corresponding set.


Note that this model is just one way to interpret the data and to present the correlations that were found. Even though we are dealing with a rule-based model, bear in mind that the "features" used in the rules to characterize townships are not necessarily causes of abstention. [Correlation does not imply causation](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Correlation_does_not_imply_causation) — if you take the example of sunglasses and ice-cream, their sales are correlated but one does not cause the other.

Actually, I did something a tiny bit more sophisticated than just uploading the data to BigML. I uploaded the data to create a first model, and BigML showed me the 10 most important context features to predict abstention. To make the data smaller and the model simpler, I then removed the other features (there were 930 of them originally) and I built a new model based on this selection of 10 features ('hourly salary', 'population', 'latitude', 'people in social housings', 'region', 'registered', 'people age 0-14', 'households w. people in intermediate occupations', 'farmers', 'households with individual electrical heating'). The data shrunk from 176.5 MB to 2.5 MB (download it [here](https://bml-data.s3.amazonaws.com/communes-selected-columns.csv)). As a comparison, [when you replicate Nate Silver's 538 Election Forecasting Model](https://github.com/jseabold/538model) (US 2012 presidential elections), you get a dataset of only 188 KB.

### How accurate is the model?

To evaluate the accuracy of the model, I did an 80-20% split of the data. The first part was used to build a model, the second one was used to make predictions and to compare them to the true — withheld — abstention values. On average, there was a difference of 7.52 points between predicted and actual abstention rates. With an R-squared value of 0.5 (the maximum being 1 and the baseline 0), the model works reasonably well.

If you're interested in finding out more about how the data was assembled, check out Alex's [source code on Github](https://github.com/vallettea/politics-open-data).
