---
layout:     post
title:      Scala Basics for Python Developers
subtitle:   转载自：http://bugra.github.io/work/notes/2014-10-18/scala-basics-for-python-developers/
date:       2014-10-18
author:     Bugra Akyildiz
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - scala
    - languages
    - functional
    - functions
    - data
    - programming
    - programs
    - library
    - libraries
    - supports
    - classes
    - immutable
    - java
    - python
    - tooling
    - installation
    - installing
    - installed
    - structures
    - optional
    - compare
    - write
    - writing
    - typed
    - types
    - nice
    - tool similar
    - object
    - syntax
    - learn
    - computing
    - nearest
    - plugins
    - sbt
    - based
---

Python is great language, its syntax, standard library and scientific computing stack(`numpy`, `scipy`, `scikit-learn`, `matplotlib` and many others) are just great. I feel like whenever I have a problem at my hand, it will be my first to go language no matter what with the extensive library support and community. However, as every programming language has its own shortcomings, Python has its own as well. It is not well-suited concurrent programming and parallelism, it is slow(comparing to JVM based languages), its support for functional programming is limited to `map` function and `functools` module. Also, with rising *big data*, both Hadoop and Spark favor JVM based languages(Java and Scala), for large scale data processing, Python's longtime data processing disadvantages increased by one. You could use interfaces through Jython but development of Jython is lacking and sometimes due to version differences you may not use the feature-full Python with Python.

In this post, I will make a comparison in *variables*, *functions* and *classes* of both languages. Admittedly, they cover very easy constructs but my hope is that it would be a good start for Python developers who want to learn more about Scala.

If you have not heard of Scala, it is JVM based, modern programming language, succinct syntax and supports both object-oriented and functional programming style with many more advanced features which I will tell a little bit about shortly.

### Why

Mainly for Big Data to be honest. Adoption of Scala from companies is also good but especially Scalding and Spark use Scala, I thought I should give it a shot Scala as well as I have been playing/using Clojure for some time and I open-sourced a [K Nearest Neighbor classifier](https://github.com/bugra/knn) in Clojure if you are interested) , enjoying it so far. Also, I found very powerful to be able to combine a Java library with Clojure as it is pretty seamless with Leiningen. What I like about this hybrid approach, you get to use all of these mature libraries written in Java where you write Clojure on top of it.(In this case, Scala). I think using JVM under the hood and building on top of long-time 

#### Advantages

- It is JVM based and you could use almost all of the available Java libraries(similar to Clojure in this sense)

- It is a hybrid language which combines object-oriented programming style and functional programming style. If you want to use one aspect heavily and not so much for the other aspect, that is great as it does not compromise in any particular part of the language.

- It has type inference unlike Java, you could pass functions freely unlike Java. All in all, it is superior to Java in almost all aspects where it does not compromise the speed. 

- Great pattern matching support. Some of them could be also used for conditional statements as well.

- Scala's programs tend to be more succinct and terse. Compare this verbosity of Java and you could see an decrease in development time and increase in productivity. This is partially because functional programming makes it much easier to common operations but also data structures(especially the collections) are simply a better version of Java's. Also, the classes provide nice shortcuts for Java bean so that you could get away with not writing `getter` and `setter`s for basic classes.

- Immutable data structures make concurrent programs much easier to run(similar to Clojure as well).


#### Disadvantages

- There are many ways to do one thing. This is the biggest one. This must be avoided if one language wants to be readable by many people. But for the coverage of Scala is overwhelmingly is large and supports so many things that, this could not be avoided in the design of language, I guess.

- Tooling is not very great. Even though the language has been around for some time(~11 years), I am surprised by `sbt` and how inferior the available tooling is for the language. Hopefully, this will improve in the future.

- Some people complain about how slow it is when it comes to compile large projects, I did not use Scala for large projects but I could see how this might be quite problematic in the environments where you want to do multiple iterations in large projects.

- Syntax. There are ton of features in the language, and some of the features could be applied with syntactic sugar. This is not disadvantage per se, but still contributes the problem of having many ways to do one thing.

- There is a native XML data structure. The following code is valid in Scala:


If this is not a disadvantage per se, it is weird. I would understand JSON but XML, really Scala? I thought you are superior to Java, but it turns out that you are Java in some aspects!

#### Installation on Mac OS X

##### Homebrew

If you do not have `homebrew` in Mac OS X, use the following command to install first the package manager:

##### Scala

Then, you could install `scala` via home-brew:

After installing the scala, you could type scala to the command line in order to start the interactive REPL.

##### Sbt

In the meantime, you want to install `sbt`(scala build tool), similar to `maven` and `ant` in Java if you are familiar with one of those.

##### IDE Support

Scala has official support for Eclipse, one can use Intellij IDEA for Scala through Plugin. I am using Intellij, so I installed plugin(Preferences -> Plugins -> Scala). Installation is quite straightforward. 

#### Variables in Scala

There are two different ways to define variables in Scala. First one is immutable(which is a nice fit for functional programming style) and the other one is mutable ones(surprise!). Immutable data structures cannot be changed after variables are assigned whereas mutable data structures could be changed. In order to define immutable ones, one can use `val` and for mutable ones `var`. Unlike Python, you could have a mutable and immutable string or integer, whereas in Python you have a predefined datasets which are immutable(string and tuple) and mutable(list and dictionary). 

With type inference, Scala generally feels like a dynamic language even if it is strongly typed language when it comes to variables. 

#### Variables in Python

In Python, there are some immutable data structures like tuple, string and some of them are mutable (list and dictionary) unlike Scala.

### Functions

There are a lot of ways to define functions in Scala whereas in Python there are two ways; functions and anonymous functions. This "there are a lot of ways" is common afterwards in Scala. We will see there are a lot of ways to define classes as well in the next section. 

#### Functions in Python

You could define a function with a name, or define an anonymous function using `lambda` expression and then assign it to to a name. Lambda expressions are limited to single line and cannot accept optional parameters. So, in practice, anonymous functions are generally used ad-hoc.

#### Functions in Scala

The same adder can be defined in scala following way(Other than types, it is very similar to Python)

### Classes

Both Python and Scala support object oriented programming style. They do not enforce the usage of object oriented programming style unlike Java, though. In that aspect, they are similar. But as in the case of functions, there are many ways to create classes in Scala and it has also quite some syntactic sugars when it comes to commonly used constructs in classes.

#### Classes in Python

Python classes can be defined as in the following:

In Scala, we could make a shortcut of the properties as in the following:
