---
layout:     post
title:      I wish I knew these things when I learned Python
subtitle:   转载自：http://bugra.github.io/work/notes/2015-01-03/i-wish-i-knew-these-things-when-i-first-learned-python/
date:       2015-01-03
author:     Bugra Akyildiz
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - html
    - code
    - values
    - lists
    - yes counters
    - methods
    - arbitrary
    - collections
    - key
    - simpler
    - standard
    - rest
    - neat
    - default
    - data
    - python
    - programming language wikipedia
    - tags
---

I sometimes found myself asking myself how I cannot know simpler way of doing 
“this” thing in Python 3. When I seek solution, I of course find much more elegant,
efficient and more bug-free code parts over time. In total(not just this post), 
the total sum of “those” things were far more than I expect/admit, but here is 
the first crop of features that was not obvious to me and learned later as I 
sought more efficient/simple/maintainable code.

### Dictionary `keys()` and `items()`

You could do various interesting operations in keys and items of dictionaries. They
are set-like.

Pretty neat!

### Checking Existence of a key in dictionary

How many times you write the following code?

This is not so bad, but why do you need if statement every now and then?

Much cleaner and there is not an if statement which unnecessarily
obscures the code.

### Update a dictionary with another dictionary

Well, this is good but not very concise and terse. Let’s see
if we could do better:

Much cleaner and readable!

### Getting the maximum! from a dictionary

If you want to get the maximum value in a dictionary, it is straightforward:

which works, but what if you need the key, you need to do another 
lookup based on value. Instead, we could flatten the representation via `zip`
and then return the key-value pair as in the following:

Similarly, if you want to traverse the dictionary by maximum value to minimum value
you could do the following:

### Unpacking Arbitrary Number of Items in a List

We could capture arbitrary number of items into a list using `*` magic:

This was not very interesting, but what if I tell you you could do the following 
as well:

This is pretty neat. 

When you think about a dictionary that has a string key and a list as value, 
instead of traversing a dictionary and then process the values in a sequential 
manner, one can use a flat representation(list inside of a list) like this:

You could *unpack* the `list` into `head, *rest, tail` as well.

### `collections` Gotta love Counter

`collections` is one of my favorite standard library in Python. If you need any other
data structures than the original default data structures in the Python, you should 
take a look at it. 

One of the essential part of my job on a daily basis is to count things. Mostly words
but not necessarily always. One may be tempted to say, you could build a dictionary
with words as keys and the number of occurrences as values, and I would agree with 
you if I did not know about it `Counter` in the `collections`(yes, the introduction
blurb is because of Counter). 

Let’s say you read, Python programming language wikipedia page into a string and then
convert into a list(by tokenizing, well sort of):

So far, so good. But if I want to count the words in this list:

This is not so bad, but if you have `Counter`, you would use your time
in a more meaningful task.

This is pretty neat, but if we look at what available methods exist for counter:

Did you see `__add__` and `__sub__` methods? Yes, counters support `+` and `-` operations! So, if you have
a lot of text and want to count words, you do not need Hadoop, you could parallelize a bunch of counters(map)
and then sum them together(reduce). You have your mapreduce built on top of counter. You could thank me later.

### Flattening Nested Lists

`collections` has also `_chain` function which could be used to flatten
nested lists:

### Opening two files simultaneously

If you are processing one file(e.g. line by line) and write the 
processed line into another file, you may be tempted to write the following:

Except, you can open multiple files in the same line as in the following:

This is much more neat.

### Finding Monday from a Date

If you have a date and want to normalize(say to previous or next Monday), you
could do the following:

And, that is about it.

### Handling HTML

If you scrape websites either for fun or profit, chances are that you face
html tags time to time. In order to strip various html tags, you could
do use `html.parser`:

If you only want to escape `html`:
