---
layout:     post
title:      How to score 0.8134 in Titanic Kaggle Challenge
subtitle:   转载自：https://ahmedbesbes.com/how-to-score-08134-in-titanic-kaggle-challenge.html
date:       2016-08-10
author:     Ahmed BESBES
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - installation
    - data
    - https
    - libraries
    - windows
    - learning
    - array computing
    - nota
    - visualization
---

This post is the opportunity to share my solution with you.

To make this tutorial more "academic" so that anyone could benefit, I will first start with an exploratory data analysis (EDA) then I'll follow with feature engineering and finally present the predictive model I set up.

Throughout this jupyter notebook, I will be using Python at each level of the pipeline.

The main libraries involved in this tutorial are:

- **Pandas** for data manipulation and ingestion

- **Matplotlib** and ** seaborn** for data visualization

- **Numpy** for multidimensional array computing

- **sklearn** for machine learning and predictive modeling


### Installation procedure[¶](https://ahmedbesbes.com/how-to-score-08134-in-titanic-kaggle-challenge.html#Installation-procedure)

A very easy way to install these packages is to download and install the [Conda](http://conda.pydata.org/docs/install/quick.html#os-x-miniconda-install) distribution that encapsulates them all. This distribution is available on all platforms (Windows, Linux and Mac OSX).

### Nota Bene[¶](https://ahmedbesbes.com/how-to-score-08134-in-titanic-kaggle-challenge.html#Nota-Bene)

This is my first attempt as a blogger and as a machine learning practitioner.

If you have a question about the code or the hypotheses I made, do not hesitate to post a comment in the comment section below.

If you also have a suggestion on how this notebook could be improved, please reach out to me.

This tutorial is available on my [ github ](https://github.com/ahmedbesbes/How-to-score-0.8134-in-Titanic-Kaggle-Challenge) account.

Hope you've got everything set on your computer. Let's get started.
