---
layout:     post
title:      Optimization inequalities cheatsheet
subtitle:   转载自：http://fa.bianp.net/blog/2017/optimization-inequalities-cheatsheet/
date:       2017-01-10
author:     Fabian Pedregosa
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - x y
    - inequalities
    - inequality
    - convex
    - leq
    - mu
    - boyd
    - nabla
    - conjugate
    - frac
    - functions
    - text
    - mathbb
    - springer
---

Most proofs in optimization consist in using inequalities for a particular function class in some creative way. This is a cheatsheet with inequalities that I use most often. It considers class of functions that are convex, strongly convex and $L$-smooth.
 

## Basic inequalities


**Setting**. $f$ is a function $\mathbb{R}^p \to \mathbb{R}$. Below are a set of inequalities that are verified when $f$ belongs to a particular class of functions and $x, y \in \mathbb{R}^p$ are arbitrary elements in its domain. For simplicity I'm assuming that functions are differentiable, but most of these are also true replacing the gradient with a subgradient.
 


**$f$ is $L$-smooth**. This is the class of functions that are differentiable and its gradient is Lipschitz continuous.
 
- $\|\nabla f(y) - \nabla f(x) \| \leq L \|x - y\|$
- $|f(y) - f(x) - \langle \nabla f(x), y - x\rangle| \leq \frac{L}{2}\|y - x\|^2$
$\nabla^2 f(x) \preceq L\qquad \text{ (assuming $f$ is twice differentiable)}
$




**$f$ is convex:**

- $f(\lambda x + (1 - \lambda)y) \leq \lambda f(x) + (1 - \lambda)f(y)$ for all $\lambda \in [0, 1]$.
- $f(x) \leq f(y) + \langle \nabla f(x), x - y\rangle$
- $0 \leq \langle \nabla f(x) - \nabla f(y), x - y\rangle$
- $f(\mathbb{E}X) \leq \mathbb{E}[f(X)]$ where $X$ is a random variable [(Jensen's inequality)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jensen's_inequality).
- $x = \text{prox}_{\gamma f}(x) + \gamma \text{prox}_{f^*/\gamma}(x/\gamma)$, where $f^*$ is the Fenchel conjugate (Moreau's decomposition, )




**$f$ is both $L$-smooth and convex**:
 
- $\frac{1}{L}\|\nabla f(x) - \nabla f(y)\|^2 \leq \langle \nabla f(x) - \nabla f(y), x - y\rangle$
- $0 \leq f(y) - f(x) - \langle \nabla f(x), y - x\rangle \leq \frac{L}{2}\|x - y\|^2$
- $f(x) \leq f(y) + \langle \nabla f(x), x - y\rangle - \frac{1}{2 L}\|\nabla f(x) - \nabla f(y)\|^2$




**$f$ is $\mu$-strongly convex**. Set of functions $f$ such that $f - \frac{\mu}{2}\|\cdot\|^2$ is convex. It includes the set of convex functions with $\mu=0$. Here $x^*$ denotes the minimizer of $f$.

- $f(x) \leq f(y) + \langle \nabla f(x), x - y \rangle - \frac{\mu}{2}\|x - y\|^2$

- $\mu\|x - y\|^2 \leq \langle \nabla f(x) - \nabla f(y), x - y\rangle$

- $\frac{\mu}{2}\|x-x^*\|^2\leq f(x) - f(x^*)$



**$f$ is both $L$-smooth and $\mu$-strongly convex.**

- $\frac{\mu L}{\mu + L}\|x - y\|^2 + \frac{1}{\mu + L}\|\nabla f(x) - \nabla f(y)\|^2 \leq \langle \nabla f(x) - \nabla f(y), x - y\rangle$
- $\mu \preceq \nabla^2 f(x) \preceq L \qquad \text{ (assuming $f$ is twice differentiable)}$



### References


 Most of these inequalities appear in the Book: "Introductory lectures on convex optimization: A basic course" by Nesterov (2013, Springer Science & Business Media). Another good (and free) resource is the book ["Convex Optimization"](http://stanford.edu/~boyd/cvxbook) by
Stephen Boyd and Lieven Vandenberghe.
 
