---
layout:     post
title:      Visualizing min-heap algorithms with D3.js
subtitle:   转载自：http://www.benfrederickson.com/heap-visualization/
date:       2018-07-19
author:     未知
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - javascript
    - heap
    - items
    - pause
    - data
    - element
    - browser
    - algorithm finding
    - pretty
    - recursively
    - type
    - email
    - solution
    - couple
    - assed standard
    - module
    - handling
---

I haven't done any real work on learning Javascript and D3.js since my last
attempt a couple months back. To
keep at it, I thought I'd try using D3.js to visualize a simple algorithm:
finding the largest couple of items in a list.

This problem comes up all the time when doing search and recommendation type
tasks. Every time you query a search engine, it has to find the couple best
scored results in all matching items. For example, Google finds 15 million
results when querying for 'D3.js', but only shows you the 10 best scored of these. A naive
solution for finding these 10 items would be to sort everything by
score, but that ends up wasting a ton of time sorting results that will be
discarded.

A better solution is to use a
[min-heap](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binary_heap) - a tree data structure
where each node in the tree has a value smaller than all of its children. Its
a fantastically useful data structure, that can be used to efficiently solve
this problem. By comparing each item with the
root element of an appropriately sized min-heap, and pushing onto the heap when
its bigger - it picks out the just the largest items:

##### Note: you need Javascript enabled and a SVG compatible browser to
view the diagrams here!

Its looking like you're missing javascript, or
are running an old web browser that doesn't support SVG. If no diagrams show
up then you might want to consider loading this up in a different browser.
I've tested this with Chrome, Safari and Firefox only.



|




 Pause
 Restart








The items here are scrolling across the top, and one by one get compared to
the root element of the heap. If the current number is bigger, it gets
recursively swapped with each smaller element in the heap. After running through all the items, the heap will contain just the largest numbers.

### The Algorithm

Heap operations are included in any language that has even a half assed standard library. In Python theres the `heapq` module, Java has `java.util.PriorityQueue` class, even C++ has heap operations in the `algorithm` header.

Unfortunately Javascript basically doesn't have a standard library, so we have
to roll our own here. Its a pretty easy though, all thats needed is a function to restore the heap order on a heap that has had its root element modified:

To find the biggest items, just compare each item to the root of
the heap, and swap and call reheap if its bigger.

### Displaying in D3

Setting up the visualization in D3 was relatively straightforward, its just a
simple state machine - with D3 handling animating the transitions between states. Because
of this approach its a little wacky in that hitting 'pause' won't actually do
anything until the next state is hit - but at decent speeds that delay isn't
too long.

I've put the code up on
github for people to take a
look at if they want. I'm still pretty terrible at Javascript, but I'm having
fun playing around with it anyways.


Published on 10 October 2013


#### Get new posts by email!

Enter your email address to get an email whenever I write a new post:
