---
layout:     post
title:      What Data Scientists should focus on in 2018?
subtitle:   转载自：https://www.codementor.io/dyako/what-data-scientists-should-focus-on-in-2018-kvslzog1m
date:       2018-06-27
author:     David Yakobovitch
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - data science
    - designing
    - designed
    - designs
    - https
    - networks
    - networking
    - highly
    - organizations
    - efficiency
    - timely
    - digital
    - intelligence
    - intelligent
    - understanding
    - efficient business
    - applications
    - real
    - analytical
    - skills
    - skilled
    - generation
    - generative
    - emerging
    - enterprises
    - professionals
    - iot
    - secure
    - security
    - visual analytics
    - mainly includes
    - accessible
    - jobs
    - professional art
    - developing
    - development
    - analyze
    - analyzing visualization
    - effective
    - latest trends
    - software
    - competing
    - learning
    - learns
    - global
    - operations
    - advanced
    - dynamic advance
    - dynamics
    - customers
    - technologies
    - majority
    - technical
    - researches
    - technology world
    - excellent
    - service markets
    - artificial
    - searching
    - languages
    - n fast
    - goodfellow et
    - processes
    - processing
    - sql
    - neural
    - twins
    - initial
    - initiating
    - cost
    - gans
    - article
    - trained
    - training
    - list
---

No matter how you deal with it, data science will play a massive role in 2018. If you’re thinking to be a data scientist, this is the best time. This article comprehensively explains the latest trends that data scientists should consider in 2018. Data scientists have become the center of the technology-oriented world that helps those who have excellent expertise and strong technical backgrounds.

It’s not being an easy job to be a data scientist; one must have a definite and adaptable set of skills. They have to deal with a large amount of complex and unstructured data to obtain results for efficient business operations. Being a data scientist not only means data hunters, but they should have proficiency in data designing and mingling with software programs, analyzing, visualization and verification of the hypothesis. Here, we’ll discuss some of those trends that are likely to drive high demand and data scientists should focus them in 2018.

##  1. Maintain the Skill Set

Some sort of ambiguity is still present in defining the actual meaning of the term “data scientist”. But in 2018, after defining the expertise required for a data scientist it would help to select the most efficient recruiter that will have knowledge about making and testing the hypothesis, understanding it’s meaning in terms of statistics and has model-building skills. Data science field mainly includes the programming languages that are R and Python.

Majority of the data scientists have reported speaking mainly R and/or Python. But this is not a hard n’ fast rule, as there may be chances of overlapping because both languages are being used by the data scientists. In terms of modern dynamics, R and Python are now utilized as the most proficient tools to be used in work and considered to be as the programming languages that every data scientist should learn.

According to the researches by Stack Overflow community, R is more extensively used language but Python is the fastest growing language and expected to exceed from other programming languages in terms of reliability, ease of use and flexibility by 2019. There are some other popular coding languages that are used by data scientists include MATLAB (19%), SQL (40%), Java (18%) and C/C++ (18%).

No doubt, data science is a tremendous emerging career. Although one has to face initial challenges. However, it will also reward with heavy pay, long-lasting benefits and comfortable perks. By keeping these trends in mind, you’ll be able to get long-term success.

##  2. Business Intelligence Skills

Business intelligence is a widely emerging field that every data scientist should consider to learn. These skills require the capability to explain the data set while cultivating and conveying visual analytics to decision makers of any organization. This will enhance the worth of your work.

For an expert data scientist, one should have excellent communication skills and have the capability to insights they have gathered from data mining and ensuring the definite and concise work. SQL and Tableau both are helpful to improve your skill sets and will facilitate you with better data management and data visualization.

##  3. Understanding the Digital Twin

Digital twins incorporate software analytics, machine learning, and artificial intelligence with data to produce digital simulation models that refer to the real world system. It has the ability to continuously upgrade itself from numerous sources to characterize real-time status and working conditions. It uses sensor data that communicates with multiple aspects of its working conditions i.e, from engineers with deep knowledge of machines, and environment.

In terms of IoT, the projects are promising and leading the interest over the next some years. Enterprises use well designed and proficient digital twins to improve their decision-making process. They are correlated with the real world things and facilitate enterprises with the good understanding of the state of the system with enhanced operations and timely respond to variations.

Digital twin methodology does not comprise of a single step but it includes varieties of steps including its implementation, evolution with the time period, applying the statistical analytics, and effective response to the administrative objectives. Integrated digital twin methodology will prove beneficial to digital markers, city and industrial planners and healthcare professionals.

##  4. Developing Expertise in Machine Learning

Machine learning engineers lie on the top of the list in LinkedIn’s top emerging roles while data scientist lies on 2nd rank in this list. Prior to five years, there were fewer jobs available for machine learning engineers but now the availability of job increases 10 times than previous years.

Ideal candidates will merge their knowledge of software engineering and data science through Springboards Data Science Career Track. Those candidates that will meet the requirements will be highly paid.

##  5. Realize the Importance of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and the Internet of Things (IoT)

Artificial intelligence has achieved much importance in recent years that aimed to develop more advanced behaviors and excellent interaction with people and their surroundings. It is a dynamic advance for new efficient things like robots, drones, and autonomous vehicles and provides improved efficiency to many things like IoT-Internet of Things that connects the customer and industrial systems.

IoT has finally gained the approval it was worthy of. According to recent reports, IoT will more likely to touch $6 trillion by 2021 as now the use of responsive devices and smarter & efficient networks have become the need of all organizations to gain their value in the competitive market. Nowadays, Data Scientists should focus on these emerging trends and let Artificial intelligence extend more outstanding applications that are more advanced andcost-effective than remote operations.

In the past year, the majority of the global organizations exploited data from connected devices to grow their business processes and secure millions of dollars. In comparison to this year, enterprises are more focused on data stimulation confidentiality while on the other hand; organizations are showing their interest in innovations.

##  6. Analyze the Importance of Intelligent Apps and Analytics

Data scientists should know that within few years, nearly every program and application will merge some of its level with Artificial Intelligence to improve their worth. Among which some of the applications will not be workable without artificial Intelligence at all. But others will be inconspicuous users of artificial intelligence that will assist the programs without being directly involved.

These applications are serving as a bridge between people and devices and have the capability to change dynamics of work and structure of the administration. Artificial intelligence has become the next major battlefield in terms of an extensive range of software programs and service markets including ERP-Enterprise Resource Planning.

Service facilitators should highlight their use of artificial intelligence to add value to their products in the form of highly demanded analytics, intelligent software programs and sophisticated user experiences.

##  7. Understand the Cloud-first Strategy and Cloud-based platforms

Organizations are extensively using these approaches for analyzing an enormous amount of data. SME pool has assisted most of the Cloud era by facilitating most of the applications to be run at negligible hardware cost while artificial intelligence is the latest addition to their specified list for instance from small level Chat-bots to essential search thinkers. It is expected that at the end of 2018, there will be almost 75% integration of artificial intelligence with the systems.

It might be expected that at the end of 2020, one-third of all data will go by the clouds. It will act as a facilitator to help them analyze the data and boost up outcomes for administrations. For Example, Xerox influenced a cloud-first strategy to resourcefully analyze data and this decreases the abrasion rate by 20% at its call centers.

There are many organizations turning to the non-physical processing system, therefore, declining their dependence on data centers. However, they face some challenges during their functioning. The biggest disadvantage is that customers cannot enjoy the free access service of data, therefore, reducing greater flexibility.

##  8. Understanding the Unique Data Design

Industries have now realized the importance of using analytical data for decision-making process at every level within the organization. It is necessary for the growth of the organization. The data scientist should be able to understand and, design data in an easy way to understand and implement the resultant in a cost-effective method. Such data scientists will be positioned high in that organization that will not only spread data but also help them to get great impact across the organization.

##  9. Understanding Dark Data

A data scientist should know the importance of dark data. It is the sort of information that is gathered through different networking operations that are collected in order to store them instead of using it. At the start, organizations were not even aware of the fact that dark data is being gathered at their systems. In the recent past years, organizations have come to know their importance that these can be used as a searching tool for finding insights. This facilitates the owners with high performance, revenue generation and reduction of cost.

##  10. Data security permissions will tighten

Enterprises are giving high attention to prevent any unauthorized access to steal their personal and customers’ information. There is an increasing demand for impeccable Cyber Security System that can be only achieved through artificial intelligence. This system has become the need of all multi-national companies to secure their system design, future strategies, and stakeholders’ data.

The companies are working on data access permissions in order to maintain their position in the market by developing latest technologies day after day. Customers are now required to have accurate data access permissions to get access to their information because of security risks. It is expected that by 2030, Internet of Things will contribute $15 million to global GDP whereas 2018 is the initiating year to reach this landmark.

##  11. Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) Will Become More Mainstream

GAN is the ML design for unverified neural networks that have been around since 2014 by Ian Goodfellow et al. These networks are of greater importance and also have tremendous applications. These models are now making their place in the mainstream. For instance, let’s imagine two people; one is a professional art imitator and other is professional art curator.

The job of imitator is to draw an art so flawlessly that it can’t be differentiated with the original piece of art while the duty of curator is to find the differences between them with their own expertise and knowledge. This is similar to the working of GANs work. These are actually the systems of challenging neural networks that are generative and discriminative.

Generative designs produce natural data samples while the discriminative designs aim to differentiate between the actual and forged data. Whenever generative designs fool the discriminative design, it learns from it. These networks are much challenging as they need an enormous amount of data to be trained properly prior to its use. On the other hand, generative designs acquire less parameter than required for training purposes.

The reason for their frequent need lies in their efficiency. There are some disadvantages of GANs too like the disintegration of design and the network may stop learning from general designs. It may happen when their network becomes too strong with some other neighboring competing networks. But researches are ongoing to overcome these difficulties.

##  12. The innovation of Real-Time Systems will Accelerate

Now the world is moving towards more innovations and advanced technologies. During the past few years, extensive machine learning is getting all the attention. We can understand their importance with the modern development of Geoffrey Hinton’s capsule networks. It is a type of neural network design that has the ability to stimulate some fascinating research in the coming year.

Despite all the new development and researches, the fact remains that data scientists are putting their great effort to utilize these advanced technologies and innovations in real life applications as well. But this scenario is supposed to change at the end of 2018 because these innovations that are covering real-life applications will meet up both the theoretical and practical researches.

There are fewer chances that all innovations will result in success. But there are some examples available of such innovations that do not lead to much success. For instance: Sales Bots, these are essentially important and discussed in business to customer transactions. By the time, these applications work on machine learning and commoditization frameworks that are skilled on real man to man conversation and will prove to be much efficient.

Similarly, there are also exist other excellent applications as well like global libraries that will be made accessible to confine the nature of conversation to enhances this and much more innovations for real life.

###  References:

> 
https://drivinginnovation.ie.edu/data-science-trends-to-watch/https://online.jcu.edu.au/blog/the-rise-of-data-sciencehttps://www.dasca.org/world-of-big-data/article/competing-smart-through-big-datahttps://www.informationweek.com/big-data/big-data-analytics/10-data-science-trends-for-2018/d/d-id/282725?page_number=6https://blog.dataiku.com/top-4-data-science-trends-to-watch-in-2018https://pages.dataiku.com/hubfs/New%20Year%202018/2018-data-science-trends-to-watch.pdf?t=1529072891861https://woz-u.com/5-data-science-trends-all-aspiring-professionals-need-to-know/http://www.dataversity.net/data-science-trends-2018/https://www.datamation.com/applications/slideshows/10-top-big-data-trends-for-2018.htmlhttps://www.kdnuggets.com/2018/01/four-big-data-trends-2018.html

