---
layout:     post
title:      On Discipline of Creation
subtitle:   转载自：http://www.willmcginnis.com/2018/04/07/on-discipline-of-creation/
date:       2018-04-07
author:     Will
header-img: img/background2.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - creative
    - creativity
    - daily practice
    - creating
    - create
---

Engineering is at its core a creative endeavor. Entrepreneurship as well. To excel at either is to be fundamentally good at consistently creating solutions to problems, at creating semantic understandings of problems, and to communicate one's work well.

It is then, in my opinion, critical for people of this sort to train their creativity. Like any skill there is some degree of talent involved, but discipline and daily practice account for the majority of ability in the majority of people. Just as one practices and accumulates technical skills, one can also practice and accumulate creative acumen.

So what is this discipline, and what does practice look like? I think the first step in training one's ability to output creative work is to train one's ability to consume it first. It is all too easy to be a passive consumer of media and design in today's world, allowing the creative work of others to pass through you cleanly unrecognized and unchallenged. To begin, start a journal for keeping track of TV shows, movies, songs, furniture, photographs and whatever else it is that you consume and recognize as being good (or bad). Curate and idea of what it is that makes design a design that you yourself like. Begin to recognize the designed aspects of your world that went unseen before. Develop a sense of taste.

With an idea of your idea of design, the next step is to create daily. Just as an athlete trains daily, develop a habbit of creating something which speaks to your understanding of your own taste daily. Draw, write, build furniture, make music, even the smallest effort to flex those muscles and further develop a sense of taste is enough to feed that habbit. Don't stress too much about quality, you're training. Most work will not be for the world, it's for you. Some of it may be good enough to share, sometimes that won't go well, and that's ok.

What's important in this practice is to develop a set of skills:

- Mental flexibility to seek new alternative approaches to things

- A self-discipline to judge one's own work against a broader worldview of what is good work

- A comfort in developing and sharing work that is uniquely yours, and that you may not be all that confident in yet

- A personal process for generating good ideas

- A capacity to develop a broad thesis on something, and bridge that to the small specific details that make a project match to that thesis at completion


For me, this all means writing daily (rarely here), designing and building furniture, and doodling. Nothing too serious, but I think it's been impactful on my other endeavors.

What do you think? Are you an engineer or entrepreneur with creative hobbies? Do think that those inform your other work in any way? I'd love to hear what you're working on if so.

### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

