---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Multithreaded in the Wild
subtitle:      转载自：https://multithreaded.stitchfix.com/blog/2018/04/09/MITW/
date:      2018-04-09
img:      3
author:      未知
tags:
    - titled
    - data
    - algorithms
    - april
    - modeling
---

Hello Stitch Fix followers, check out where our fellow Stitch Fixers are speaking this month.

Juliet Hougland, a member of the Data Platform team, 
will be at Hot Stacks - A brunch and learn for hungry engineers 
on April 10. She will be part of a panel on Data Science at 12pm, discussing which tools and applications are helping companies get the most out of their data, 
and how they organize and analyze their findings.

At QCon.ai, we have the following four Stitch Fixers speaking:

Stephanie Yee who leads our Client Algorithms team, will be part of a panel 
titled “Building a Data Science Capability”
on April 10 at 5:40pm. 
She also has a presentation titled “Demand Modeling @StitchFix”
on April 11 at 2:40pm.

Brad Klingenberg, our VP of Data Science, is the track host for 
“Handling Sequential Data Like an Expert / ML Applied to Operations” 
that begins at 9:00 am on April 11.

Greg Novak, who manages a team focused on optimizations across organizational and structural boundaries of the business,
will be presenting his talk is titled “Optimizing Spark” at 12:45pm on April 11.

Jeff Magnusson, our VP of Data Platform, presents his talk, 
“When We Spark and When We Don’t: Developing Data and ML Pipelines at Stitch Fix”, at 1:05pm on April 11.

Juliet Hougland will be at DataEngConf on April 17 and 18. Her talk 
titled “Enabling Full Stack Data Scientists” 
is in the Day-1 Data Science Track at 4:00pm on April 17.

Hoda Eydgahi, from our Stylist Algorithms team, will be at the
MIT AI Conference 2018.
She is the moderator for the session “Empowered Data” on Apr 21 2018 11:20am.

Both Hilary Parker, part of the styling algorithm organization, and Juliet Hougland 
are speakers at Women in Analytics Conference
on April 13, starting at 8:30am.

Eric Colson, our Chief Algorithm Officer, is one of the speakers at the
2018 Analytics Symposium. He presents his talk titled “Differentiating with Data Science” on April 17 at 11:35am.

Hilary Parker is one of the invited speaker at the 
2018 Rose-Hulman Undergraduate Mathematics Conference 
which takes place on both April 20-21.

Zack Nichols, a Data Scientist in our Client Algorithms team,
will be at The Web Conference. He will be presenting his paper titled 
“Attribution Inference for Digital Advertising using Inhomogeneous Poisson Models” 
on April 25 at 11:00 AM.

Juliet Hougland, who as you can see is very busy this month, will also be at GOTO Chicago 2018. She will be talking about
“Production Model Deployment” on April 25 at 3:15pm.

Be sure to join us :)
