---
layout:     post
title:      On Innovation Labs
subtitle:   转载自：http://www.willmcginnis.com/2018/04/16/on-innovation-labs/
date:       2018-04-16
author:     Will
header-img: img/background0.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - innovate
    - new innovation
    - labs
    - failed
    - failure
---

Alternate title: "why you're doomed to certain failure". The only thing more common than BigCos launching trendy new innovation centers is them [shutting down](https://venturebeat.com/2017/03/22/its-time-to-ditch-your-innovation-lab). In just about every industry millions and millions are being poured into these almost ironically named "innovation centers", which aim to develop some kind of novel technology to change existing business lines or create new ones. These places have "startup cultures", "agile methodologies", and "standing desks". But for the most part, they just signal a fundamental failure in the core business. Ignoring this signal, companies instead go through the typical innovation center lifecycle:

- Announce lab, do a ton of marketing, mention AI and IoT as much as possible

- Start to hire people for the already announced lab, make sure they are all extremely qualified, many PhDs

- Gather room of PhDs together, and brainstorm what to actually do, now that you have a building an a few hundred people

- Do interesting work (hopefully, maybe)

- Attempt to get a business unit to use interesting work

- Fail

- Transition into an independent group with independent P/L to avoid getting blocked by business units

- Fail

- Get spun out even farther from the business units because clearly they are still in the way

- Lay off everyone


This pattern is so common its not even worth finding links for it. Just google:

- Innovation lab AI

- Innovation lab platform

- Innovation lab layoffs


To see the 3 stages of innovation grief.

So what the hell is happening? First, let's reflect on the goal of innovation: to create some novel technology to change your line of business or create a new one.  This is a job function of the *business*, not of an "innovation group".  Actual innovation happens close to the problem, close to the customer, not close to the in-office-keg. By divorcing those tasked with enacting change from those they intend to change, BigCo management is absolutely crippling any chance they may have had at success. All startups know that being close to the customer and close the problem you are trying to solve is the lifeblood of your product, actively setting up the team tasked with doing this as a separate entity signals either a previous failure to innovate within the business units that need to innovate, or a lack of management understanding in how this sort of thing works.

If you are starting an innovation lab because you can't hire "tech people / millennials / data scientists / whatever" to work in your existing organization, you're problem isn't in innovation, it's that no one wants to work at your company. Find out why.  Putting them in a separate building and trying to trick them into thinking they are working at a startup won't fool anyone long.

It gets even worse though. These innovation groups generally are set up like "labs", with research funding not intended to be immediately commercialized.  So in terms of information flow they are removed from the problem, and in terms of financial downside risk, they are also completely removed. With no real skin in the game, these groups are basically engineered to fail.  Real innovation and development of technology doesn't happen as a casual risk-less romp around an open office, it happens out of a need, manufactured urgency doesn't scale.

When brilliant engineers and researchers, lured in by the large budgets and open-ended green-field work, eventually make something interesting, they take it to the business units and inevitably fail to get anything going, because the business units have likely already failed to commercialize this kind of work (hence the "innovation group's" provenance). Frustrated by this, and out of attachment the product of their work, the innovation group then seeks their own P/L and commercialization authority.  When they get it, they try to goto market, and get hit in the face with the reality that they're completely removed from the real problems and needs happening at the business units they are intended to serve.  Conflicted with an inability to sell to competitors or internal teams, the innovation group spins out even farther to get more autonomy in who they can sell to, a final death throw before eventually dissolving and scattering around to the slightly newer innovation groups at other companies, to repeat the cycle again.

### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

