---
layout:     post
title:      Announcing Ursa Labs： an innovation lab for open source data science
subtitle:   转载自：http://wesmckinney.com/blog/announcing-ursalabs/
date:       2018-04-19
author:     Wes McKinney
header-img: img/background0.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - developing
    - developers
    - data science
    - oss
    - projects
---





** Thu 19 April 2018

 

Funding open source software development is a complicated subject. I’m excited
to announce that I’ve founded [Ursa Labs](https://ursalabs.org/.) ([https://ursalabs.org](https://ursalabs.org/.)), an
independent development lab with the mission of innovation in data science
tooling.

I am initially partnering with [RStudio](https://rstudio.org/.) and [Two Sigma](https://www.twosigma.com/.) to assist me in
growing and maintaining the lab’s operations, and to align engineering efforts
on creating interoperable, cross-language computational systems for data
science, all powered by [Apache Arrow](http://arrow.apache.org/.).

In this post, I explain the rationale for forming Ursa Labs and what to expect
in the future.

## Funding Open Source Software: Maintenance and Innovation

In recent years, the world’s businesses have become more dependent than ever on
open source software (“OSS”, henceforth). How and why this happened will surely
be the subject of future books and research, but at present we are faced with
existential challenges as we endeavor to keep making open source “work” for
everyone.

In my experience, open source projects feature two dominant archetypal modes:
innovation and maintenance. The innovation stage often occurs at the beginning
of projects: there are few users and the software changes or evolves
rapidly. When a project becomes successful, it can become more
conservative. Development shifts to stability, bug fixes, and gradual change
and growth. There are many more users, and changes, especially “breaking” ones,
can have a high cost to the project’s reputation and future. OSS maintainers,
which are often volunteers, routinely “burn out” under the strain of supporting
burgeoning user bases who sometimes take a project’s existence and maintenance
for granted.

## Supporting Maintenance

Some OSS projects become so important that their users consider them to be
mission-critical infrastructure software, like Linux or security libraries like
OpenSSL. The consequences of under-maintained infrastructure have been studied
extensively in recent years in the wake of shocking security
vulnerabilities exposed in widely used projects.

Funding OSS maintenance, while challenging, has a clear value-proposition to
the world’s organizations, who increasingly view their dependence on OSS as a
liability. Companies like RedHat have built their businesses on providing
peace-of-mind around mission-critical OSS like Linux.

We are starting to see new business models emerge for funding OSS maintenance,
such as [Tidelift](https://tidelift.com/), which has begun selling a type of “insurance policy”
for the package dependency graph of mission-critical OSS frameworks like React
and AngularJS. The understanding is that funds from these insurance policies
will be paid to the maintainers of projects in the dependency graph to provide
timely bug fixes and support the healthy operation of the top-level projects.

## Supporting Innovation

Funding the innovation stage of OSS is can be more difficult because of the
heightened risk profile. A new project may or may not become successful or
widely-used.

Most people know that I struggled for many years to obtain support for
developing pandas; in the end I convinced [Adam Klein](https://github.com/adamklein) and [Chang She](https://github.com/changhiskhan) to
take time away from their well-paying New York finance day jobs (at Goldman
Sachs and Citigroup, respectively) to work on the project with me in 2012. I
estimate between the three of us pandas cost at least $500,000 in opportunity
cost as we did not earn wages during the thousands of hours we invested in the
project in 2011 and 2012. If we had refused to build pandas unless we raised
enough money to pay for our rent and families’ cost of living, the project
likely would not be what it is today.

Open source data science software has become incredibly important to how the
world analyzes data and builds production machine learning and AI models. In
Google, Facebook, and other industry research labs, Python has become the
primary machine learning user interface. If you had told me this in 2008 when I
started building pandas, I might not have believed you.

The risks to not funding innovation in OSS for data science are many. The ones
I think most about are:

Data scientists’ productivity will suffer, especially as data sizes continue
 to grow.
Computing costs will remain high as less efficient computing tools are
 applied as well as possible to process the world’s data.
Organizations continue to rely on less flexible, more expensive proprietary
 software because they perceive OSS as inadequate.

## Traps, and avoiding them

OSS developers have employed various strategies to support their work in lieu
of direct funding. Sometimes they work, and sometimes they can be “traps”. I
have directly experienced some variant of all of these problems.


**The Consulting Trap**: project creators hustle for services contracts with
 users of their software. The contract dealmaking hustle distracts from
 development, and the services work itself fragments attention from the core
 development of projects.


**The Startup Trap**: startups build businesses that monetize the growing use
 of one or more open source projects. While some of these businesses have
 succeeded, the creators of open source projects generally must divide their
 attention between building a business and building a software project. This
 is obviously a tradeoff: with venture capital and revenue, one can build a
 larger engineering team. But, startups can have governance conflicts with
 their user and developer communities. Businesses with hybrid open-source
 models sometimes must short-change OSS work in favor of work that will grow
 revenue; the company founders’ desire to invest in OSS may come into
 conflict with the expectations of the board of directors, who are usually
 venture capital investors. In some cases, unfortunately, OSS developers are
 laid off to cut costs.


**The Corporate User Trap**: a large company that depends on OSS hires or
 grows developers of those projects to innovate and maintain them going
 forward. In some cases a company may start a closed-source project, then
 open source it later. There are many possible problems that arise with this
 model. Developers may leave a company and fail to find another that will
 support their work on a project. A company may lose interest in a project
 and assign the developers to a different project. In some cases, a company
 will build the new features they need and then “disappear” as they have
 gotten what they need out of the project. A developer’s ability to grow a
 larger development team may be limited by budgeting concerns that are out
 of their control.


## 2013 to now: DataPad, Cloudera, Two Sigma, and Apache Arrow

Hot on the heels of getting pandas off the ground and publishing my book Python
for Data Analysis in 2012, Chang She and I founded DataPad, a venture-funded
startup, with the objective of building a data product and later investing R
budget back into the Python ecosystem. We handed off day-to-day maintenance of
pandas to [Jeff Reback](https://github.com/jreback), [Phillip Cloud](https://github.com/cpcloud), and others, who’ve done an
amazing job growing the project over the last 5 years.

By mid-2014, at DataPad we found ourselves working on complex systems
engineering problems in enterprise analytics that would be more effectively
solved in a larger enterprise software company. After the experience of
building out pandas and developing the DataPad product, I had accumulated a
list of complaints and grievances against pandas’s computational foundations
that I summarized infamously in my talk [10 Things I Hate about pandas](https://www.slideshare.net/wesm/practical-medium-data-analytics-with-python). In
September 2014, the [DataPad team and I joined Cloudera](https://www.cloudera.com/more/news-and-blogs/press-releases/2014-09-30-cloudera-acquires-datapad-technology-assets-and-team-to-strength.html) to work on these
problems and more.

When I arrived at Cloudera, one of my objectives was to form alliances with the
big data and analytic database communities to collaborate to solve shared data
systems problems for the benefit of the data science world. The two major
artifacts of my time at Cloudera were [Ibis](http://ibis-project.org/), a lazy computational
expression framework geared toward SQL-style execution engines, and Apache
Arrow, a cross-language in-memory data frame format and analytics
development platform.

By mid-2016, facing a competitive big data infrastructure market and an arduous
path to profitability, Cloudera was not well-positioned to build a team to join
me in developing Apache Arrow and improve computational systems for data
science. While there was some obvious low-hanging fruit to accelerate
Python-on-Spark, overall ROI from investing in Arrow was likely to be several
years away and thus was deemed too risky to justify a large budget allocation.

Around this time, I was lucky to connect with [Two Sigma](https://www.twosigma.com/.), a financial
technology and investment management company with a growing OSS development
practice and a petascale data warehouse being actively used with Apache Spark
and the Python data science stack. I joined Two Sigma in 2016 as a software
architect in the analysis tools group, with a plan to make a forward-looking
long-term investment in performance and scalability for the Python data stack
via the Apache Arrow project. Working with the Two Sigma engineering team, we
have helped reach some major Arrow-related milestones. The project has made 11
releases, grown over 130 contributors, and established exciting collaborations
with Apache Spark (accelerated data access and Python function execution in
Apache Spark), [Berkeley RISELab](https://rise.cs.berkeley.edu/) (Fast Python Serialization with Ray and
Apache Arrow), and the [GPGPU community](http://gpuopenanalytics.com/.).

As Apache Arrow has gotten off the ground over the last few years, it has
become apparent that the problems we are tackling are much larger in scope than
the interests of a single organization or even programming language. As I have
argued extensively in talks over the last few years (Data Science Without
Borders at JupyterCon, Memory Interoperability for Analytics and Machine
Learning at Stanford’s ScaledML, Raising the Tides: Open Source Analytics
for Data Science at the Newsweek AI and Data Science Conference), we are
solving the same kinds of problems across Python, R, and other languages, and
Arrow provides a unifying technology for creating shared computational
infrastructure for data science.

After many years collaborating with and learning from the Python, R, JVM,
Julia, and other data science communities, I have become convinced that the
data science world would benefit from shared computational libraries. I
envision a portable, community-standard “data science runtime” that can be
utilized for processing native Arrow-based data frames in just about any
programming language. This is a huge project. Some of the major areas of work
for this include:

Portable C++ shared libraries with bindings for each host language (Python,
 R, Ruby, etc.)
Portable, multithreaded Apache Arrow-based execution engine for efficient
 evaluation of lazy data frame expressions created in the host language.
Reusable operator “kernel” containing functions utilizing Arrow format as
 input and output. This includes pandas-style array functions as well as
 SQL-style relational operations (joins, aggregations, etc.)
Compilation of operator “subgraphs” using LLVM; optimization of common
 operator patterns.
- Support for user-defined operators and function kernels.

Comprehensive interoperability with existing data representations (e.g. data
 frames in R, pandas / NumPy in Python).
New front end interfaces for host languages (e.g. dplyr and other "tidy"
 front ends for R, evolution of pandas for Python)

## Enter the Dragon Bear

In light of my experiences building data science software over the last 10
years, I believe the way that I can best serve the open source data science
world is by creating an independent organization, [Ursa Labs](https://ursalabs.org/.), dedicated to
advancing cross-language computational systems for data science. The immediate
purpose of this organization is to hire and support developers of data science
systems that are part of the burgeoning Apache Arrow ecosystem. The lab will
partner with larger organizations to be supported through direct funding and
engineering collaborations.

While I am primarily looking for direct funding relationships with companies to
grow my development team, I will also be accepting smaller direct donations to
the lab which can hopefully support additional developer headcount in time.

## Partnering with RStudio

RStudio will be helping me with the administrative side of operating Ursa Labs
(HR, benefits, finances, etc., which amounts to a lot of hard work.) I will
manage the money raised by the lab, which will primarily be used to pay for
salary and benefits for full-time engineers on the Ursa Labs team. The Ursa
team and I will operate as a functionally independent engineering group within
the RStudio organization and collaborate with other members of RStudio on
R-related development work. While it might seem strange to some that I, a
long-time Python developer, would be partnering with a company that builds
software for R programmers, it actually makes perfect sense.

In 2016, [Hadley Wickham](http://hadley.nz/.) and I had a brief collaboration to create the
Feather file format, an Arrow-based interoperable binary file format for data
frames that can be used from Python and R. The idea of Feather was to socialize
the idea of interoperable data technology using Apache Arrow. Many people were
surprised to see Hadley and I working together when Python and R are “supposed”
to be enemies. The reality is that Hadley and I think the “language wars” are
stupid when the real problem we are solving is human user interface design for
data analysis. The programming languages are our medium for crafting accessible
and productive tools. It has long been a frustration of mine that it isn’t
easier to share code and systems between R and Python. This is part of why
working on Arrow has been so important for me; it provides a path to sharing of
systems code outside of Python by enabling free interoperability at the data
level.

R, like Python, faces systems-level problems around fast and scalable in-memory
data processing. Since the problems we are solving are so structurally similar,
we have long believed that a more extensive collaboration between the
communities should happen. It is my goal for the software that I am building to
work equally well for R programmers as for Python programmers. As part of the
collaboration with RStudio, Hadley Wickham will act as a technical adviser to
the work to ensure that we are looking after the needs of R users. We’re all
very excited about this.

In the last several years, I have been extremely impressed with the RStudio
organization and its founder and CEO, J.J. Allaire. As he, Hadley, and I have
gotten to know each other at data science events, I found that we share a
passion for the long-term vision of empowering data scientists and building a
positive relationship with the open source user community. Critically, RStudio
has avoided the “startup trap” and managed to build a sustainable business
while still investing the vast majority of its engineering resources in open
source development. Nearly 9 years have passed since J.J. started building the
RStudio IDE, but in many ways he and Hadley and others feel like they are just
getting started.

## Partnering with Two Sigma

During my time at Two Sigma, I worked towards a shared vision of data science
tools with [Matt Greenwood](https://www.crunchbase.com/person/matt-greenwood), who heads the company’s Modeling Engineering
organization and [David Palaitis](https://github.com/tnn1t1s) who manages Two Sigma’s open source
efforts. After almost two years, we realized the problems I’m trying to solve
with Apache Arrow are bigger than any one company can support. Eventually a
project’s scope and needs expand beyond the interests and capabilities of any
single organization.

Having access to real problems in data science at massive scale at Two Sigma
has informed and validated my vision for Ursa, and my departure to start Ursa
Labs does not mean a break on my relationship with the company. By partnering
with them as I begin my next venture, I can keep the feedback loop open as they
work as early adopters of Arrow software. Two Sigma’s interest in Arrow is
part of a larger commitment to creating a productive future for data science,
including commitment to communities built around Pandas, Ibis, Jupyter, Spark,
Mesos and Tensorflow, among others.

Two Sigma will contribute to Ursa Labs through employee contributions to Ursa
Labs projects like Arrow and funding external open sources devs as needed.They
will also collaborate on technical advising and rallying support in the
community. Matt can help generate the new initiative through his seats on the
board of [NumFOCUS](https://www.numfocus.org/) and [TS Ventures](https://www.twosigmaventures.com/). I’ll continue my work with Two
Sigma core OSS engineers like Jeff Reback (pandas) and Phillip Cloud (Ibis),
and you can look forward to joint talks, such as an upcoming presentation with
Jeff Reback at PyData.

## Getting involved

We are only now at the beginning of a long journey ahead of us to advance the
state of the art in data science tools.

We will soon be posting some full-time engineering positions, so if you are a
software engineer and are interested in joining the lab's mission, please stay
tuned. In the meantime, we'd love to have you involved with [Apache Arrow](http://arrow.apache.org/.).

If you are with an organization in a position to sponsor our work or partner
with us in some other way, please reach out to [info@ursalabs.org](mailto:info@ursalabs.org).
