---
layout:     post
title:      Microsoft Ignite： Greater opportunities for women in data-related jobs
subtitle:   转载自：http://www.chicagotribune.com/bluesky/originals/ct-microsoft-ignite-women-big-data-bsi-20150507-story.html
date:       2015-05-07
author:     Datascope
header-img: img/background3.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - women
    - big data
    - degrees
    - open jobs
    - skills
---

Big data could offer big opportunities to technical women. With more and more companies collecting data from users and monitoring their own activity as well, data scientists are in greater demand than ever.

“You can’t hire a data engineer fast enough,” said [Brenna Berman ⇒](http://chicago.blueskyinnovation.com/vault/network/berman-brenna), the City of Chicago’s innovation and technology commissioner and CIO. She gave the keynote address and participated in a panel discussion Wednesday at the Microsoft Ignite conference at the McCormick Center.



Women with technical skills could help hiring officials meet the growing demand, panelists said at the session called “Change Opens Doors and Creates Opportunity,” a lunchtime program attended by more than 500 women. Attendance at the five-day conference, which continues through Friday, has topped 23,000.

Stephanie Ferguson, a general manager at Microsoft, said she sees women stepping into change-management roles at Microsoft and other companies as organizations transition to the cloud. But she’s also seeing more women get into data-related roles.



“I think it may be that combination of making technology and making technology really practical and usable for business,” Ferguson said.

Hiring and job review site Glassdoor highlighted data science as one of the top careers for 2015. The [site reported](http://www.glassdoor.com/blog/jobs-america) that the average base salary for data scientists is about $104,000 and that there were nearly 3,500 open jobs at that time.

Unlike other technical jobs, data science relies heavily on statistics, a field that attracts more women than other STEM fields. In 2013, women earned 36 percent of all STEM degrees, 19 percent of engineering degrees and 42 percent of math and statistics degrees, according to to the [American Physical Society](http://www.aps.org/programs/education/statistics/womenmajors.cfm).

Although a background in statistics or math can be helpful for aspiring data scientists, entry to that field is not limited to those with a particular skill set.

“Data science is a promising field for anyone, including women, because it's great for generalists,” Laurie Skelly, a data scientist at Chicago-based firm Datascope Analytics, told Blue Sky by email. “People can come from surprisingly broad academic or work backgrounds — my background, for example, is in neuroscience — and be a successful data scientist.”

Skelly said the data science field includes roles that involve problem-solving and client consulting. That’s where she said she sees more women.

Plus, data scientists often work in teams to identify problems, solve them and communicate findings. She said the ability to figure out the problem and share results clearly are the most in-demand skills.

“Women who highlight their skills in those areas while being able to communicate with experts in the others will be in a good position as a data scientist,” Skelly wrote.

*Email: *[*aelahi@tribpub.com*](mailto:aelahi@tribpub.com)* • Twitter: *[*@aminamania*](https://twitter.com/aminamania)
