---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      BDD100K Blog Update
subtitle:      转载自：http://bair.berkeley.edu/blog/2018/06/18/bdd-update/
date:      2018-06-18
img:      1
author:      未知
tags:
    - datasets
    - images
    - comment
    - driving
    - eccv
---

We are excited by the interest and excitement generated by our BDD100K dataset.
Our data release and blog post were covered in an unsolicited article by
the UC Berkeley newspaper, the Daily Cal, which was then picked up by other news
services without our prompting or intervention. The paper describing this
dataset is under review at the ECCV 2018 conference, and we followed the rules
of that conference (as communicated to us by the Program Chairs in prompt email
response when we asked for clarification following the reporter’s request; the
ECCV PC’s replied that ECCV follows CVPR’s long-standing policy). We thus
declined to speak to the reporters after they reached out to us. We did not, and
have not, communicated with any media outlets regarding this story.

While the Daily Cal article was accurate; unfortunately, other media outlets who
followed in reporting the story made claims that were attributed to us
incorrectly, and which do not represent our view. In particular, several media
outlets attributed to us a claim that the BDD100K dataset was “800 times” bigger
than other industrial datasets, specifically mentioning Baidu’s ApolloScape.
While it is true our dataset does contain more raw images than other datasets,
including Baidu’s, the stated claim is misleading and we did not put that line
or anything like it in a paper, blog post, or spoken comment to anyone. It
appears that some reporters(s) viewed the data in tables in our paper and came
up with this conclusory comment themselves as it made an exciting headline, yet
attributed it to us. In fact, it is inappropriate in our view to summarize the
difference between our dataset and Baidu’s in a single comment that ours is 800x
larger. Comparing the number of raw images directly is not the most appropriate
way to compare these types of datasets.

Importantly, different datasets focus on different aspects of the autonomous
driving challenge. Our dataset is crowd-sourced, and covers a very large area
and diverse visual phenomena (indeed significantly more diverse than previous
efforts, in our view), but it is very clearly limited to monocular RGB image
data and associated mobile device metadata. Other dataset collection efforts are
complementary in our view. Baidu’s, KITTI, and CityScapes each contain important
additional sensing modalities and are collected with fully calibrated apparatus
including actuation channels. (The dataset from Mapillary is also notable, and
similar to ours in being diverse, crowd-sourced, and densely annotated, but
differs in that we include video and dynamic metadata relevant to driving
control.) We look forward to projects at Berkeley and elsewhere that leverage
both BDD100K and these other datasets as the research community brings the
potential of autonomous driving to reality.
