---
layout:     post
title:      What Is Machine Learning and How Is It Making Our World a Better Place?
subtitle:   转载自：https://www.codementor.io/iclassgyansetu/what-is-machine-learning-and-how-is-it-making-our-world-a-better-place-krj62qq82
date:       2018-06-23
author:     iClass Gyansetu
header-img: img/background2.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - data
    - machines
    - words machine learning
    - like human
    - analysis
---

Well, to put it in simple words, machine learning is an extensively algorithm driven study which makes computer/device/software capable of learning on the basis of their own previous experience and improve the performance of a task. It also gives machines/software ability to analyze, predict and sort huge amounts of data. You Use a smart home assistant, ever wondered how you can say the same thing in different ways and it would still understand you? No just this, it becomes better at understanding you and recognizing your voice.

> 
“Computers are able to see, hear and learn. Welcome to the future.” ~Dave Waters


**How Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence are related?**

Artificial Intelligence is the key innovation to Machine Learning that uses Statistical techniques to give Computers/ Machines the ability to think, analyse & respond to situations just like human beings & animals do using natural intelligence (NI)

This is[ Machine Learning](https://www.gyansetu.in/courses/learn-python-machine-learning-deep-learning-training-gurgaon-delhi) and Artificial Intelligence at their simplest. It can do much more like improving the way we live, change the way we do business for good. Improve Health Care facilities.

**How machine learning & AI would affect the way we live?**

Well, smart and IoT integrated homes are the best part of machine learning. While we already have home assistants such as Amazon Echo and Google Assistant that can recognize our voice and respond to our voice commands, we can see IoT integrated houses.Impressive advancements have been made in mind reading technology. We would be able to control appliances around the house by just merely thinking.Software’s will keep track of our daily schedule and would do menial work for us like booking a cab, turning on the coffee maker in the morning, turning on the Air conditioner before we reach home.

**Machine Learning would change the way we do Business**

With the newly added ability to the computers of analyzing data based on some logic, Businesses could predict the upcoming events like growth, market value, employee productivity.It would also save companies a lot of money, due to reduced human errors as machines is not prone to make the errors that humans make.

**Machine Learning would change the way we do health services**

Well, Ml algorithms have been proven to be of use in detecting and diagnosing cancer. An early detection of Melanoma would increase the survival rate.The major breakthrough is in the field of drug discovery; scientists can now stimulate the drug interaction in the body with ML algorithms.This will lead to less time spent on human and animal trials and speedy discovery of new medicine.

**Machine Learning would change the way we do education**

ML, if applied in education can drastically change the education scene. The algorithms can be used to track and predict student’s performance, state of mind and much more. This would help to build a more integrated and wholesome curriculum in schools and colleges. There is no doubt it would change the way we teach, with computers able to understand and interact with students just like a teacher does. This is even better; this computer will be equipped to learn to understand more and more queries by students as the time passes, just like a professional teacher does.

**What does Industry say about Machine Learning?**

Machine Learning, has undoubtedly become the most sort after skill in the 21st century. All the tech giants such as Facebook, Microsoft, Google, Apple, NASA, ISRO, Huawei, LG, and Amazon invest heavily in R&D.;

Projects of ML Besides, even the small and common applications like keyboard, camera, and daily planner are starting to embed concepts of Machine Learning and AI to enhance the overall experience of the user interface. This industry is expected to grow to a whopping 25 billion Dollar mark by 2025, with a current growth rate of 23%. ML as of now is one of the highest paying skill. It’s pretty obvious that the trend would remain the same in the future as well.

Artificial Intelligence, deep learning, machine learning — whatever you’re doing if you don’t understand it — learn it. Because otherwise you’re going to be a dinosaur within 3 years. – Mark Cuban

**What you can learn in Machine Learning?**

*Data Handling (Importing and exporting data from various sources)*Data Manipulation and Summarization*Data Exploration and Visualization*Deep Dive Into Machine Learning*Introduction to Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn*Statistical Inference System (Statistics Analysis)*Text Analytics*Machine Learning using R programming/ Python*Data Visualization using Tableau*R-Hadoop Integration for Analytics

**Projects you can Implement in Machine Learning?**

*Sentiment Analysis for the Election Prediction*Agriculture Data Analysis*Twitter Data Extraction & Analysis on Terrorist Activities*Sales Management using Association Rule Mining*IPL Match Prediction*Cluster Generation for the Text Data*Feature Extractions using Principle component Analysis*Twitter/ Facebook Data Analysis*Big Data Hadoop Integration with SPARK*Correlation and Regression on data sets like Sales, Marketing, Stock Exchange, *Tourism, Healthcare & Finance*Implementation of Machine Learning using algorithms like K-means, Naive-bayes*Text Mining (Word- Graph Generation)*Natural Language Processing*Sentimental Analysis*Market Based Value Analysis using algorithm Association Rule Mining
