---
layout:     post
title:      R Tip： Be Wary of “…”
subtitle:   转载自：http://www.win-vector.com/blog/2018/06/r-tip-be-wary-of/
date:       2018-06-15
author:     John Mount
header-img: img/background0.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - arguments
    - functions
    - values
    - variadic
    - coding
---

[R Tip](http://www.win-vector.com/blog/tag/r-tips): be wary of “`...`“.

The following code example contains an easy error in using the [R](https://www.r-project.org/.) function `unique()`.

Notice none of the novel values from `vec2` are present in the result. Our mistake was: we (improperly) tried to use `unique()` with multiple value arguments, as one would use `union()`. Also notice no error or warning was signaled. We used `unique()` incorrectly and nothing pointed this out to us. What compounded our error was `R`‘s “`...`” function signature feature.

In this note I will talk a bit about how to defend against this kind of mistake. I am going to apply the principle that a design that makes committing mistakes more difficult (or even impossible) is a good thing, and not a sign of carelessness, laziness, or weakness. I am well aware that every time I admit to making a mistake (I have indeed made the above mistake) those who claim to never make mistakes have a laugh at my expense. Honestly I feel the reason I *see* more mistakes is I check a lot more.




Data science coding is often done in a rush (deadlines, wanting to see results, and so on). Instead of moving fast, let’s take the time to think a bit about programming theory using a very small concrete issue. This lets us show how one can work a bit safer (saving time in the end), without sacrificing notational power or legibility.

A confounding issue is: `unique()` failed to alert me of my mistake because, `unique()`‘s function signature (like so many `R` functions) includes a “`...`” argument. I might have been careless or in a rush, but it seems like `unique` was also in a rush and did not care to supply argument inspection.

In `R` a function that includes a “`...`” in its signature will accept arbitrary arguments and values in addition to the ones explicitly declared and documented. There are three primary uses of “`...`” in `R`: accepting unknown arguments that are to be passed to later functions, building variadic functions, and forcing later arguments to be bound by name (*my* [favorite use](http://www.win-vector.com/blog/2018/02/r-tip-force-named-arguments)). Unfortunately, “`...`” is also often used to avoid documenting arguments and turns off a lot of very useful error checking.

An example of the “accepting unknown arguments” use is `lapply()`. `lapply()` passes what it finds in “`...`” to whatever function it is working with. For example:

Notice the arguments “"!", sep = ""” were passed on to `paste()`. Since `lapply()` can not know what function the user will use ahead of time it uses the “`...`” abstraction to forward arguments. Personally I never use this form and tend to write the somewhat more explicit and verbose style shown below.

I feel this form is more readable as the arguments are seen where they are actually used. (Note: this, is a notional example- in practice we would use “`paste0(c("a", "b"), "!")`” to directly produce the result as a vector.)

An example of using “`...`” to supply a variadic interface is `paste()` itself.

Other important examples include `list()` and `c()`. In fact I like `list()` and `c()` as they only take a “`...`” and no other arguments. Being variadic is so important to `list()` and `c()` is that is essentially all they do. One can often separate out the variadic intent with lists or vectors as in:

Even I don’t write code such as the above (that is too long even for me), *unless* the values are coming from somewhere else (such as a variable). However with [`wrapr`](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=wrapr)‘s [reduce/expand](https://winvector.github.io/wrapr/reference/reduceexpand.html) operator we can completely separate the collection of variadic arguments and their application. The notation looks like the following:

Essentially [reduce/expand](https://winvector.github.io/wrapr/reference/reduceexpand.html) calls variadic functions with items taken from a vector or list as individual arguments (allowing one to program easily over variadic functions). `%.|%` is intended to place values in the “`...`” slot of a function (the variadic term). It is designed for a more perfect world where when a function declares “`...`” in its signature it is then the only user facing part of the signature. This is hardly ever actually the case in `R` as common functions such as `paste()` and `sum()` have additional optional named arguments (which we are here leaving at their default values), whereas `c()` and `list()` are pure (take only “`...`“).

With a few non-standard (name capturing) and variadic value constructors one does not in fact *need* other functions to be name capturing or variadic. With such tools one can have these conveniences everywhere. For example we can convert our incorrect use of `unique()` into correct code using `c()`.

In the above code roles are kept separate: `c()` is collecting values and `unique()` is applying a calculation. We don’t need a powerful “super unique” or “super union” function, `unique()` is good enough if we remember to use `c()`.

In the spirit of our [earlier article on function argument names](http://www.win-vector.com/blog/2018/02/r-tip-force-named-arguments) we have defined a convenience function `wrapr::uniques()` that enforces the use of value carrying arguments. With `wrapr::uniques()` if one attempts the mistake I have been discussing one immediately gets a signaling error (instead of propagating incorrect calculations forward).

With `uniques()` we either get the right answer, or we get immediately stopped at the mistaken step. This is a good way to work.

### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

