---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Dataquest helped me get my dream job at Noodle.ai
subtitle:      转载自：https://www.dataquest.io/blog/dataquest-helped-me-get-my-dream-job-at-noodle-ai/
date:      2018-09-24
author:      Meg Blanchette
tags:
    - learning
    - data
    - sunishchal
    - subscription
    - ai
---

Dataquest’s mission is to prepare real-world data scientists.

Sunishchal Dev wanted to get a career in data science. He had a degree in Technology & Innovation Management and had business skills, but he needed to improve his technical skills and learn python to get the job he really wanted.

Sunishchal had experience with online learning, but it hadn’t clicked before until he starting using Dataquest as part of a General Assembly Bootcamp. “I tried to use Code Academy and Data Camp but felt that their learning modules were not interactive enough to keep me engaged. I also don't like watching video lectures, as they are not skimmable.”

Dataquest was different, Sunishchal explains, “The lessons were easy to absorb and had the right balance of theory and practical knowledge.” Access to office hours and the community through his premium subscription helped him build the foundation he needed to move forward.

He believes that, when it comes to learning, you get what you pay for. He’d spent a long time trying to learn to program using free resources, he found that his commitment level matched what he paid. “Making the leap of faith in getting a Dataquest subscription really lit the fire under me. I started completing the lessons and got a ton of value out of my small investment.”

Sunishchal now works for Noodle.ai, an Enterprise AI startup that builds custom data pipelines and machine learning models for large enterprises. He spends his days on risk modeling for a jet engine manufacturer. “I can truly say I've found my dream job!”

Are you next? Start learning >>
