---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Job opening at CDC：  “The Statistician will play a central role in guiding the statistical methods of all major projects of the Epidemiology and Prevention Branch of the CDC Influenza Division, and aid in designing, analyzing, and interpreting research intended to understand the burden of influenza in the US and internationally and identify the best influenza vaccines and vaccine strategies.”
subtitle:      转载自：https://andrewgelman.com/2018/09/25/job-opening-at-cdc-the-statistician-will-play-a-central-role-in-guiding-the-statistical-methods-of-all-major-projects-of-the-epidemiology-and-prevention-branch-of-the-cdc-influenza-division-and-a/
date:      2018-09-26
author:      Andrew
tags:
    - statistics
    - statistical methods
    - influenza
    - analysis
    - experience
---

Vacancy Information: Mathematical Statistician, GS-1529-14

Please apply at one of the following:

· DE (External candidates to the US GOV) Announcement: HHS-CDC-D3-18-10312897

· MP (Internal candidates to the US GOV) Announcement: HHS-CDC-M3-18-10312898

Location: Atlanta, GA – Centers for Disease Control and Prevention – National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Disease – Influenza Division – Epidemiology and Prevention Branch

Salary: $108,281 to $140,765 per year

Position summary: The Statistician will play a central role in guiding the statistical methods of all major projects of the Epidemiology and Prevention Branch of the CDC Influenza Division, and aid in designing, analyzing, and interpreting research intended to understand the burden of influenza in the US and internationally and identify the best influenza vaccines and vaccine strategies. This new position is expected to bring novel solutions and innovative methods to research challenges in the influenza burden, vaccine immunogenicity and effectiveness, and antiviral effectiveness fields. Working closely with Branch leadership, the position will advise across five research and surveillance teams and a >$25 million annual research portfolio. Specifically, the Statistician will:

– Design, develop, and adapt mathematical methods and techniques to statistical processes to advance public health program research methods.

– Provide assistance in logistic regression analysis, categorical data analysis, multiple regression analysis, and mixed model techniques.

– Perform analysis of research studies utilizing statistical packages and programming languages.

– Write and present comprehensive statistical reports to provide technical advice and consultation to public health professionals, senior scientists, and management officials.

– Develop, implement, and coordinate national health interview survey segments covering various health related issues.

– Conduct analyses and evaluations to determine the suitability and adequacy of data collected, and adapt procedures independently as needed.

– Occasional travel required.

Basic Qualification Requirements:

A degree that included 24 semester hours of mathematics and statistics, of which at least 12 semester hours were in mathematics and 6 semester hours were in statistics -OR- a combination of education and experience — at least 24 semester hours of mathematics and statistics, including at least 12 hours in mathematics and 6 hours in statistics, as shown above, plus appropriate experience or additional education. In addition to meeting the basic requirements above, applicants must also have at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-13 grade level in the Federal service as defined as “…experience which is directly related to the position which has equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills and abilities (KSAs) to successfully perform the duties of the position, to include experience administering and providing professional consultation in the application of statistical approaches for the study of infectious diseases and vaccine or antiviral effectiveness.”
