---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Mirroring an FTP Using lftp and cron
subtitle:      转载自：http://randyzwitch.com/mirror-ftp-lftp/
date:      2018-09-06
author:      未知
tags:
    - lftp
    - copying data
    - parallel
    - mirror
    - downloading
---

As my Developer Advocate role leads me to doing more and more Sysadmin/Data Engineer type of work, I continuously find myself looking for more efficient ways of copying data folders to where I need them. While there are a lot of great GUI ETL tools out there, for me the simplest *and fastest* way tends to be using linux utilities. Here’s how to mirror an FTP using lftp, with a cron repeater every five minutes.

## Data are on an FTP, Need Further Processing

The problem I have is data that exists on a remote FTP, but are in a binary format that is incompatible with loading directly into MapD. My current plan is to use Python to convert the binary format into CSV, but with the data on a server that I don’t control, I need to make a copy somewhere else.

It’s also the case that the data are roughly 300GB *per day*, streaming in at various intervals across the day, so I need to make sure that any copying I do is thoughtful. Downloading 300GB of data per day is bad enough, doing it multiple times even worse!

## lftp `mirror` to the Rescue!

The best choice in my case seems to be copying the files onto a VM I own. lftp has an option `mirror` to do just that. Here is the one-liner I’m using:

```
lftp -e "mirror -c -e --parallel=20 --verbose /pub/data/nccf/com/nwm/prod /nwmftp/prod;quit;" ftp.government.gov
```

- `lftp -e` : Execute command in quotes. In this case, the FTP allows anonymous access, so no user/pw arguments needed

- `mirror`: Mirror command for lftp

- `-c`: If download fails for whatever reason, keep trying (c = “continue”)

- `-e`: Delete files on remote that are no longer on source (i.e. keep folders in perfect sync)

- `--parallel`: Allow multiple connections for parallel downloading of multiple files

- `--verbose`: Print lots of messages, helpful for debugging


With all of the flags in place, the last two arguments are the source (remote FTP) and destination (my VM) directories. Finally, I add a `quit` statement to exit `lftp` once the mirror process is over. This is mostly hygiene since I plan to run this on a cron scheduler and don’t want to leave the sessions open.

## Run This Every Five Minutes, Forever

`cron` really is one of the greatest timesavers ever, especially in that it allows super-repetitive work to be automated away, usually with a single line. Here is the line I added after calling `crontab -e` on the command-line:

```
*/5 * * * * /home/username/pull_from_ftp.sh
```

Quite simply, “every 5 minutes, run pull_from_ftp.sh”. Creating `pull_from_ftp.sh` is as straightforward as creating a text file:

```
#!/bin/bash
lftp -e "mirror -c -e --parallel=20 --verbose /pub/data/nccf/com/nwm/prod /nwmftp/prod;quit;" ftp.government.gov
```

## That’s It? YES!

With just a few characters short of a full tweet, you can mirror an entire folder from an FTP, automatically. `lftp` in combination with `cran` helped me factor out hundreds of lines of pre-existing Python code, which not only removed untested, copy-pasted code from the workflow but also added parallel downloading, increasing data throughput.

Not bad for a couple of free Linux utilities :)
