---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      The gaps between 1, 2, and 3 are just too large.
subtitle:      转载自：https://andrewgelman.com/2018/09/06/gaps-1-2-3-just-large/
date:      2018-09-06
author:      Andrew
tags:
    - remain anonymous points
    - reply
    - hey
    - tabarrok
    - alex
---




Someone who wishes to remain anonymous points to a new study of David Yeager et al. on educational mindset interventions (link from Alex Tabarrok) and asks:

> 
On the blog we talk a lot about bad practice and what not to do. Might this be an example of how *to do* things? Or did they just get lucky? The theory does not seem any stronger than for myriad other too-noisy-to-say-anything studies.


My reply: Hey, I actually was involved in that project a bit! I don’t remember the details but I did help them in some way, I think at the design stage. I haven’t looked at all the details but they seemed to be doing all the right things, including careful measurements, connection to theory, and analysis of intermediate outcomes.

My correspondent also asks:

> 
Also, if we need 65 random schools and 12,000 students to do a study, I fear that most researchers could not do research. Is it pointless to do small studies? I fear they are throwing out the baby with the bathwater.


My reply:

You don’t need such a large sample size if you collect enough data on each individual student and class. Don’t forget, you can learn from N=1 in a good qualitative study—after all, where do you think the ideas for all these interventions came from? I do think, though, that the sloppy-measurement, small-N study is not such a good idea: in that case, it’s all bathwater with no baby inside.

What we really need are bridges between the following three things:

1. Qualitative research, could be N=1 or could be larger N, but the point is to really understand what’s going on in individual cases.

2. Quantitative research with careful measurement, within-person comparisons, and large N.

3. The real world. Whatever people are doing when they’re not doing research.

The gaps between 1, 2, and 3 are just too large.



