---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      In case you missed it： August 2018 roundup
subtitle:      转载自：http://blog.revolutionanalytics.com/2018/09/in-case-you-missed-it-august-2018-roundup.html
date:      2018-09-06
author:      David Smith
tags:
    - microsoft
    - videos
    - data
    - language
    - machine learning
---

In case you missed them, here are some articles from August of particular interest to R users.

A guide to installing R and RStudio with packages and multithreaded BLAS on various platforms.

Some tips for Excel users migrating to R for data analysis.

Videos of presentations from the New York R Conference.

The Chartmaker Directory compares and provides examples of data visualizations for dozens of tools, including R.

Siraj Raval's video overview of Azure machine learning services.

A simple R script based on the gganimate package illustrates the luminance illusion. 

Roundup of AI, Machine Learning and Data Science news from August 2018. 

A package to make R play text as speech. 

Microsoft R Open 3.5.1 is now available. 

R ranks #14 in the June 2018 Redmonk Language Rankings.

R drops one place to #7 in the 2018 IEEE Language Rankings. 

A video tutorial on running R and Python in SQL Server from a Jupyter Notebook.

The cover story for Significance Magazine celebrates 25 years of the R project. 

And some general interest stories (not necessarily related to R):

As always, thanks for the comments and please send any suggestions to me at davidsmi@microsoft.com. Don't forget you can follow the blog using an RSS reader, via email using blogtrottr, or by following me on Twitter (I'm @revodavid). You can find roundups of previous months here.
