---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Document worth reading： “A Survey on Expert Recommendation in Community Question Answering”
subtitle:      转载自：https://advanceddataanalytics.net/2018/09/28/document-worth-reading-a-survey-on-expert-recommendation-in-community-question-answering/
date:      2018-09-28
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - questions
    - question answering
    - answerers
    - answers
    - methods
---

Community question answering (CQA) represents the type of Web applications where people can exchange knowledge via asking and answering questions. One significant challenge of most real-world CQA systems is the lack of effective matching between questions and the potential good answerers, which adversely affects the efficient knowledge acquisition and circulation. On the one hand, a requester might experience many low-quality answers without receiving a quality response in a brief time, on the other hand, an answerer might face numerous new questions without being able to identify their questions of interest quickly. Under this situation, expert recommendation emerges as a promising technique to address the above issues. Instead of passively waiting for users to browse and find their questions of interest, an expert recommendation method raises the attention of users to the appropriate questions actively and promptly. The past few years have witnessed considerable efforts that address the expert recommendation problem from different perspectives. These methods all have their issues that need to be resolved before the advantages of expert recommendation can be fully embraced. In this survey, we first present an overview of the research efforts and state-of-the-art techniques for the expert recommendation in CQA. We next summarize and compare the existing methods concerning their advantages and shortcomings, followed by discussing the open issues and future research directions. A Survey on Expert Recommendation in Community Question Answering





### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

