---
layout:     post
title:      The Information Barons Threaten our Autonomy and Our Privacy
subtitle:   转载自：http://inverseprobability.com/2015/11/16/information-barons-threaten-autonomy-and-privacy-online
date:       2015-11-16
author:     未知
header-img: img/background0.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - data
    - digitally
    - accountable
    - accounts
    - modern
---

Today an Op-ed I wrote has been published in the Guardian Media & Tech Network.

This is the original link here [http://www.theguardian.com/media-network/2015/nov/16/information-barons-threaten-autonomy-privacy-online](http://www.theguardian.com/media-network/2015/nov/16/information-barons-threaten-autonomy-privacy-online)

As we share more of ourselves online we become easier to predict and
control, how can we address this imbalance of power in the digital
world?



Medieval barons in Britain had a duty to protect their subjects from
Viking invaders. Modern day information overlords also have a duty of
care to their digital subjects. Photograph: Jeff J Mitchell/Getty Images
In August, Carphone Warehouse announced that details of up to 2.4 million
customers may have been
accessed
in a “sophisticated cyber-attack”. In October TalkTalk announced a data
breach, initially fearing that up to four million customers’ account
details may have been
compromised.

The lords of medieval society had a duty of care over their serfs and
vassals, a duty to protect their subjects. Today TalkTalk has a duty of
care over its data subjects: a legal duty to ensure that our personal
data is kept safe and secure. In Britain, the medieval duty of
protection concerned not internal policing but defence against the
Viking raiders who sailed to these shores in longships.

Sometimes it seems to me that our modern society is regressing back to
the medieval ages. In the online world, we are losing the hard-won
freedoms we gained over the last millennium. By sharing personal
information so freely we are becoming subject to some form of digital
serfdom in which the modern data barons are companies and governments
that hold our data on our behalf.

Even medieval villages recognised that some resources needed to be
shared for common good. [Common land](http://common-land.com/) was a
shared resource with rights of access given to all members of the
community. We also have open data, modern information commons that
provide resources of shared knowledge that is held in common for the
benefit of current and future generations: Wikipedia, the human genome
project and our own government’s [data.gov.uk](http://data.gov.uk/)
initiative.

Data is at its most powerful when it is interconnected. Making all data
open would allow all the different interconnections to be explored: so
one model for data management would be that all data should be open. We
could place everything in the information commons.

This loss of privacy would be catastrophic for our individual freedoms.
It’s in recognition of this that the law says that personal data is
distinct from other data types. This data has value; when interconnected
it can paint a detailed picture of our lives. Data about our health,
race, religion or politics is further
categorised as
sensitive personal
data. It is
protected to prevent exploitation of the individual. Data
protection
legislation is not about protecting data; its about protecting people.

However, our digital protections are subject to the interpretations by
different companies’ of their responsibilities towards us. The
information barons are not directly accountable to us. By the time we
realise they have failed in their duties there could be thousands of
pounds missing from our bank accounts, and personal information
distributed online.

These two extremes of data management seem a poor basis on which to
build the modern information society. There is an important aspect
missing: individual control of our information rights. Should it not be
the case that you have control of your health record and who accesses
it? Just as you have the power to decide which friends you share your
ailments with.

Arguments against such powers bear a striking resemblance to the old
argument against universal suffrage: “It’s a nice idea in theory, but
it’s just not practical.” It is true that the right balance of powers
may be very difficult to achieve. Our political rights in the physical
world were hard won, and they are still not universally applied.

Open data enshrines the idea of public ownership of public information.
It increases accessibility, giving us maximum value. Extracting value
from private data presents far greater problems. It’s not just about our
phone bills and credit cards; it’s everything. It’s about social media
and internet search. We share ourselves digitally to enhance our lives
in the physical world. Where we are, what we like, how we feel and what
we’re doing. We get advice on where to go, what to do there, who to meet
and what to eat. The price we pay is a form of digital servitude. As we
provide more data our digital projection becomes better defined, our
behaviour easier to predict and control. The data controllers become
people controllers.

Feudalism continued for 700 years after the Battle of Hastings until the
[Enlightenment](http://www.britannica.com/art/French-literature/The-18th-century-to-the-Revolution-of-1789#toc22519),
a revolution in thought and society that forms the foundation of our
modern world. To secure the future of our own descendants we urgently
need to bring about a digital enlightenment, one that encourages us to
give personal data the reverence it deserves, one that recognises that
the data’s provenance is the people, one that empowers the people to act
when their rights are so obviously infringed.

Neil Lawrence is professor of machine learning, and a developer of the
[Open Data Science Initiative](http://opendsi.cc/), at Sheffield
University.
