---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Whats new on arXiv
subtitle:      转载自：https://advanceddataanalytics.net/2018/08/03/whats-new-on-arxiv-725/
date:      2018-08-03
img:      2
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - models
    - modeling
    - learns
    - learned
    - networks
---

**PABED A Tool for Big Education Data Analysis**

Cloud computing and big data have risen to become the most popular technologies of the modern world. Apparently, the reason behind their immense popularity is their wide range of applicability as far as the areas of interest are concerned. Education and research remain one of the most obvious and befitting application areas. This research paper introduces a big data analytics tool, PABED Project Analyzing Big Education Data, for the education sector that makes use of cloud-based technologies. This tool is implemented using Google BigQuery and R programming language and allows comparison of undergraduate enrollment data for different academic years. Although, there are many proposed applications of big data in education, there is a lack of tools that can actualize the concept into practice. PABED is an effort in this direction. The implementation and testing details of the project have been described in this paper. This tool validates the use of cloud computing and big data technologies in education and shall head start development of more sophisticated educational intelligence tools.

**Leveraging Knowledge Graph Embedding Techniques for Industry 4.0 Use Cases**

Industry is evolving towards Industry 4.0, which holds the promise of increased flexibility in manufacturing, better quality and improved productivity. A core actor of this growth is using sensors, which must capture data that can used in unforeseen ways to achieve a performance not achievable without them. However, the complexity of this improved setting is much greater than what is currently used in practice. Hence, it is imperative that the management cannot only be performed by human labor force, but part of that will be done by automated algorithms instead. A natural way to represent the data generated by this large amount of sensors, which are not acting measuring independent variables, and the interaction of the different devices is by using a graph data model. Then, machine learning could be used to aid the Industry 4.0 system to, for example, perform predictive maintenance. However, machine learning directly on graphs, needs feature engineering and has scalability issues. In this paper we discuss methods to convert (embed) the graph in a vector space, such that it becomes feasible to use traditional machine learning methods for Industry 4.0 settings.

**Graph-Based Recommendation System**

In this work, we study recommendation systems modelled as contextual multi-armed bandit (MAB) problems. We propose a graph-based recommendation system that learns and exploits the geometry of the user space to create meaningful clusters in the user domain. This reduces the dimensionality of the recommendation problem while preserving the accuracy of MAB. We then study the effect of graph sparsity and clusters size on the MAB performance and provide exhaustive simulation results both in synthetic and in real-case datasets. Simulation results show improvements with respect to state-of-the-art MAB algorithms.

**Techniques for Interpretable Machine Learning**

Interpretable machine learning tackles the important problem that humans cannot understand the behaviors of complex machine learning models and how these classifiers arrive at a particular decision. Although many approaches have been proposed, a comprehensive understanding of the achievements and challenges is still lacking. This paper provides a survey covering existing techniques and methods to increase the interpretability of machine learning models and also discusses the crucial issues to consider in future work such as interpretation design principles and evaluation metrics in order to push forward the area of interpretable machine learning.

**A Fuzzy-Rough based Binary Shuffled Frog Leaping Algorithm for Feature Selection**

Feature selection and attribute reduction are crucial problems, and widely used techniques in the field of machine learning, data mining and pattern recognition to overcome the well-known phenomenon of the Curse of Dimensionality, by either selecting a subset of features or removing unrelated ones. This paper presents a new feature selection method that efficiently carries out attribute reduction, thereby selecting the most informative features of a dataset. It consists of two components: 1) a measure for feature subset evaluation, and 2) a search strategy. For the evaluation measure, we have employed the fuzzy-rough dependency degree (FRFDD) in the lower approximation-based fuzzy-rough feature selection (L-FRFS) due to its effectiveness in feature selection. As for the search strategy, a new version of a binary shuffled frog leaping algorithm is proposed (B-SFLA). The new feature selection method is obtained by hybridizing the B-SFLA with the FRDD. Non-parametric statistical tests are conducted to compare the proposed approach with several existing methods over twenty two datasets, including nine high dimensional and large ones, from the UCI repository. The experimental results demonstrate that the B-SFLA approach significantly outperforms other metaheuristic methods in terms of the number of selected features and the classification accuracy.

**News Session-Based Recommendations using Deep Neural Networks**

News recommender systems are aimed to personalize users experiences and help them to discover relevant articles from a large and dynamic search space. Therefore, news domain is a challenging scenario for recommendations, due to its sparse user profiling, fast growing number of items, accelerated item’s value decay, and users preferences dynamic shift. Some promising results have been recently achieved by the usage of Deep Learning techniques on Recommender Systems, specially for item’s feature extraction and for session-based recommendations with Recurrent Neural Networks. In this paper, its presented a Deep Learning architecture for Session-Based recommendations of News articles. This architecture is composed of two modules, the first responsible to learn news articles representations, based on their text and metadata, and the second module aimed to provide session-based recommendations using Recurrent Neural Networks. The recommendation task addressed in this work is next-item prediction for user sessions: ‘what is the next most likely article a user might read in a session?’ User session context is leveraged by the architecture to provide additional information in such extreme cold-start scenario of news recommendation. Users’ behavior and item features are both merged in an hybrid recommendation approach. A temporal offline evaluation method is also proposed as a complementary contribution, for a more realistic evaluation of such task, considering dynamic factors that affect global readership interests like popularity, recency, and seasonality.

**Cutting Down Training Memory by Re-fowarding**

Deep Neutral Networks(DNN) require huge GPU memory when training on modern image/video databases. Unfortunately, the GPU memory is always finite, which limits the image resolution, batch size, and learning rate that could be tuned for better performances. In this paper, we propose a novel approach, called Re-forwarding, that substantially reduces memory usage in training. Our approach only saves the tensors at a subset of layers during the first forward, and conduct extra local forwards (the Re-forwarding process) to compute the missing tensors needed during backward. The total memory cost becomes the sum of (1) the cost at the subset of layers and (2) the maximum cost of the re-forwarding processes. We propose theories and algorithms that achieve the optimal memory solutions for DNNs with either linear or arbitrary optimization graphs. Experiments show that Re-forwarding cut down huge amount of training memory on all popular DNNs such as Alexnet, VGG net, ResNet, Densenet and Inception net.

**Towards Composable Bias Rating of AI Services**

A new wave of decision-support systems are being built today using AI services that draw insights from data (like text and video) and incorporate them in human-in-the-loop assistance. However, just as we expect humans to be ethical, the same expectation needs to be met by automated systems that increasingly get delegated to act on their behalf. A very important aspect of an ethical behavior is to avoid (intended, perceived, or accidental) bias. Bias occurs when the data distribution is not representative enough of the natural phenomenon one wants to model and reason about. The possibly biased behavior of a service is hard to detect and handle if the AI service is merely being used and not developed from scratch, since the training data set is not available. In this situation, we envisage a 3rd party rating agency that is independent of the API producer or consumer and has its own set of biased and unbiased data, with customizable distributions. We propose a 2-step rating approach that generates bias ratings signifying whether the AI service is unbiased compensating, data-sensitive biased, or biased. The approach also works on composite services. We implement it in the context of text translation and report interesting results.

**Probability Calibration Trees**

Obtaining accurate and well calibrated probability estimates from classifiers is useful in many applications, for example, when minimising the expected cost of classifications. Existing methods of calibrating probability estimates are applied globally, ignoring the potential for improvements by applying a more fine-grained model. We propose probability calibration trees, a modification of logistic model trees that identifies regions of the input space in which different probability calibration models are learned to improve performance. We compare probability calibration trees to two widely used calibration methods—isotonic regression and Platt scaling—and show that our method results in lower root mean squared error on average than both methods, for estimates produced by a variety of base learners.

**Automatic Detection and Diagnosis of Biased Online Experiments**

We have seen a massive growth of online experiments at LinkedIn, and in industry at large. It is now more important than ever to create an intelligent A/B platform that can truly democratize A/B testing by allowing everyone to make quality decisions, regardless of their skillset. With the tremendous knowledge base created around experimentation, we are able to mine through historical data, and discover the most common causes for biased experiments. In this paper, we share four of such common causes, and how we build into our A/B testing platform the automatic detection and diagnosis of such root causes. These root causes range from design-imposed bias, self-selection bias, novelty effect and trigger-day effect. We will discuss in detail what each bias is and the scalable algorithm we developed to detect the bias. Surfacing up the existence and root cause of bias automatically for every experiment is an important milestone towards intelligent A/B testing.

**Manifold: A Model-Agnostic Framework for Interpretation and Diagnosis of Machine Learning Models**

Interpretation and diagnosis of machine learning models have gained renewed interest in recent years with breakthroughs in new approaches. We present Manifold, a framework that utilizes visual analysis techniques to support interpretation, debugging, and comparison of machine learning models in a more transparent and interactive manner. Conventional techniques usually focus on visualizing the internal logic of a specific model type (i.e., deep neural networks), lacking the ability to extend to a more complex scenario where different model types are integrated. To this end, Manifold is designed as a generic framework that does not rely on or access the internal logic of the model and solely observes the input (i.e., instances or features) and the output (i.e., the predicted result and probability distribution). We describe the workflow of Manifold as an iterative process consisting of three major phases that are commonly involved in the model development and diagnosis process: inspection (hypothesis), explanation (reasoning), and refinement (verification). The visual components supporting these tasks include a scatterplot-based visual summary that overviews the models’ outcome and a customizable tabular view that reveals feature discrimination. We demonstrate current applications of the framework on the classification and regression tasks and discuss other potential machine learning use scenarios where Manifold can be applied.

**MaxMin Linear Initialization for Fuzzy C-Means**

Clustering is an extensive research area in data science. The aim of clustering is to discover groups and to identify interesting patterns in datasets. Crisp (hard) clustering considers that each data point belongs to one and only one cluster. However, it is inadequate as some data points may belong to several clusters, as is the case in text categorization. Thus, we need more flexible clustering. Fuzzy clustering methods, where each data point can belong to several clusters, are an interesting alternative. Yet, seeding iterative fuzzy algorithms to achieve high quality clustering is an issue. In this paper, we propose a new linear and efficient initialization algorithm MaxMin Linear to deal with this problem. Then, we validate our theoretical results through extensive experiments on a variety of numerical real-world and artificial datasets. We also test several validity indices, including a new validity index that we propose, Transformed Standardized Fuzzy Difference (TSFD).

**Anomaly Detection via Minimum Likelihood Generative Adversarial Networks**

Anomaly detection aims to detect abnormal events by a model of normality. It plays an important role in many domains such as network intrusion detection, criminal activity identity and so on. With the rapidly growing size of accessible training data and high computation capacities, deep learning based anomaly detection has become more and more popular. In this paper, a new domain-based anomaly detection method based on generative adversarial networks (GAN) is proposed. Minimum likelihood regularization is proposed to make the generator produce more anomalies and prevent it from converging to normal data distribution. Proper ensemble of anomaly scores is shown to improve the stability of discriminator effectively. The proposed method has achieved significant improvement than other anomaly detection methods on Cifar10 and UCI datasets.

**Did We Get It Right? Predicting Query Performance in E-commerce Search**

In this paper, we address the problem of evaluating whether results served by an e-commerce search engine for a query are good or not. This is a critical question in evaluating any e-commerce search engine. While this question is traditionally answered using simple metrics like query click-through rate (CTR), we observe that in e-commerce search, such metrics can be misleading. Upon inspection, we find cases where CTR is high but the results are poor and vice versa. Similar cases exist for other metrics like time to click which are often also used for evaluating search engines. We aim to learn the quality of the results served by the search engine based on users’ interactions with the results. Although this problem has been studied in the web search context, this is the first study for e-commerce search, to the best of our knowledge. Despite certain commonalities with evaluating web search engines, there are several major differences such as underlying reasons for search failure, and availability of rich user interaction data with products (e.g. adding a product to the cart). We study large-scale user interaction logs from Flipkart’s search engine, analyze behavioral patterns and build models to classify queries based on user behavior signals. We demonstrate the feasibility and efficacy of such models in accurately predicting query performance. Our classifier is able to achieve an average AUC of 0.75 on a held-out test set.

**Reducing Simply Generated Trees by Iterative Leaf Cutting**

We consider a procedure to reduce simply generated trees by iteratively removing all leaves. In the context of this reduction, we study the number of vertices that are deleted after applying this procedure a fixed number of times by using an additive tree parameter model combined with a recursive characterization. Our results include asymptotic formulas for mean and variance of this quantity as well as a central limit theorem.

**Standards-Based Worldwide Semantic Interoperability for IoT**

Global IoT services (GIoTS) are combining locally available IoT resources with Cloud-based services. They are targeting world-wide services. GIoTS require interoperability between the locally installed heterogeneous IoT systems. Semantic processing is an important technology to enable data mediation as well as knowledge-based processing. This paper explains a system architecture for achieving world-wide semantic interoperability using international standards like oneM2M and the OMA NGSI-9/10 context interfaces (as used in the European Future Internet Platform FIWARE). Semantics also enables the use of Knowledge-based Semantic Processing Agents. Furthermore, we explain how semantic verification enables the testing of such complex systems.

**Efficient Progressive Neural Architecture Search**

This paper addresses the difficult problem of finding an optimal neural architecture design for a given image classification task. We propose a method that aggregates two main results of the previous state-of-the-art in neural architecture search. These are, appealing to the strong sampling efficiency of a search scheme based on sequential model-based optimization (SMBO), and increasing training efficiency by sharing weights among sampled architectures. Sequential search has previously demonstrated its capabilities to find state-of-the-art neural architectures for image classification. However, its computational cost remains high, even unreachable under modest computational settings. Affording SMBO with weight-sharing alleviates this problem. On the other hand, progressive search with SMBO is inherently greedy, as it leverages a learned surrogate function to predict the validation error of neural architectures. This prediction is directly used to rank the sampled neural architectures. We propose to attenuate the greediness of the original SMBO method by relaxing the role of the surrogate function so it predicts architecture sampling probability instead. We demonstrate with experiments on the CIFAR-10 dataset that our method, denominated Efficient progressive neural architecture search (EPNAS), leads to increased search efficiency, while retaining competitiveness of found architectures.

**Stock Chart Pattern recognition with Deep Learning**

This study evaluates the performances of CNN and LSTM for recognizing common charts patterns in a stock historical data. It presents two common patterns, the method used to build the training set, the neural networks architectures and the accuracies obtained.

• Web-STAR: A Visual Web-Based IDE for a Story Comprehension System• SEA: A Combined Model for Heat Demand Prediction• Spectra, hitting times, and resistance distances of $q$-subdivision graphs• Speaker Recognition from raw waveform with SincNet• On the combinatorics of exclusion in Haldane fractional statistics• The Importance of Context When Recommending TV Content: Dataset and Algorithms• Review on the estimators of unknown number of flare stars and other randomly flaring objects• Quantum Correlations Can Speed Up All Classical Computation• Variational dynamic interpolation for kinematic systems on trivial principal bundles• The permanent and diagonal products on the set of nonnegative matrices with bounded rank• Online Adaptative Curriculum Learning for GANs• Understanding human-human interactions: a survey• Improve3C: Data Cleaning on Consistency and Completeness with Currency• Effective Forces in Thermal Amorphous Solids with Generic Interactions• Incentives and Coordination in Bottleneck Models• ID Preserving Generative Adversarial Network for Partial Latent Fingerprint Reconstruction• Scalable Multi-Task Gaussian Process Tensor Regression for Normative Modeling of Structured Variation in Neuroimaging Data• The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Texture Transfer for Single Image Super-resolution• Lip-Reading Driven Deep Learning Approach for Speech Enhancement• Modeling Task Effects in Human Reading with Neural Attention• Learning to See Forces: Surgical Force Prediction with RGB-Point Cloud Temporal Convolutional Networks• A Unified Framework for Joint Mobility Prediction and Object Profiling of Drones in UAV Networks• Deep Sketch-Photo Face Recognition Assisted by Facial Attributes• DNN driven Speaker Independent Audio-Visual Mask Estimation for Speech Separation• PopRank: Ranking pages’ impact and users’ engagement on Facebook• (Anti)Fragility and Convex Responses in Medicine• Efficient closed domination in digraph products• Markov branching processes with disasters: extinction, survival and duality to p-jump processes• On the shortest distance between orbits and the longest common substring problem• Solving NP-hard problems with bistable polaritonic networks• Subsampled Rényi Differential Privacy and Analytical Moments Accountant• Monte Carlo simulations of a disordered superconductor-metal quantum phase transition• Battery Life-Cycle Optimization and Control for Commercial Buildings Demand Management: A New York City Case Study• Universal Approximation with Quadratic Deep Networks• Unconventional transport in low-density two-dimensional Rashba systems• Optimal 3D-Trajectory Design and Resource Allocation for Solar-Powered UAV Communication Systems• A Knowledge-based Filtering Story Recommender System for Theme Lovers with an Application to the Star Trek Television Franchise• Learning Stabilizable Dynamical Systems via Control Contraction Metrics• CRUM: Checkpoint-Restart Support for CUDA’s Unified Memory• Toward Multimodal Interaction in Scalable Visual Digital Evidence Visualization Using Computer Vision Techniques and ISS• Privacy-Preserving Gossip Algorithms• EagleEye: Attack-Agnostic Defense against Adversarial Inputs (Technical Report)• Recurrent extensions of real-valued self-similar Markov processes• FMCode: A 3D In-the-Air Finger Motion Based User Login Framework for Gesture Interface• A Theory of Dichotomous Valuation with Applications to Variable Selection• Conditional Decoupling of Quantum Information• Multi-modal Cycle-consistent Generalized Zero-Shot Learning• Action Anticipation By Predicting Future Dynamic Images• Sleep-wake classification via quantifying heart rate variability by convolutional neural network• Study of Polarization-Driven Shortening for Polar Codes Designed with the Gaussian Approximation• Connectivity and Blockage Effects in Millimeter-Wave Air-To-Everything Networks• New irrational polygons with Ehrhart-theoretic period collapse• Mitigation of Side-Effect Modulation in Optical OFDM VLC Systems• Explicit computations of Fourier transforms of polyhedral cones• Depth Estimation via Affinity Learned with Convolutional Spatial Propagation Network• Instance-level Human Parsing via Part Grouping Network• Floquet Perfect Absorbers based on Periodically Driven Targets• Rate Adaptive Coded Digital Phase Modulation• Antagonistic Phenomena in Network Dynamics• Focused blind deconvolution• Shuffle-Then-Assemble: Learning Object-Agnostic Visual Relationship Features• On graphs whose flow polynomials have real roots only• Learning Dexterous In-Hand Manipulation• Real-time image-based instrument classification for laparoscopic surgery• Monolingual and Cross-lingual Zero-shot Style Transfer• PETGEM: A parallel code for 3D CSEM forward modeling using edge finite elements• Multi-Beam UAV Communication in Cellular Uplink: Cooperative Interference Cancellation and Sum-Rate Maximization• A probabilistic proof of Schoenberg’s theorem• Graph R-CNN for Scene Graph Generation• Reinforced Evolutionary Neural Architecture Search• A Pseudo Multi-Exposure Fusion Method Using Single Image• Towards Machine Learning on data from Professional Cyclists• Single-Ended Fiber Latency Measurement with Picosecond-Accuracy Using Correlation OTDR• Beetle Swarm Optimization Algorithm:Theory and Application• Connecting Visual Experiences using Max-flow Network with Application to Visual Localization• Binarized Convolutional Neural Networks for Efficient Inference on GPUs• Crawling migration under chemical signalling: a stochastic particle model• Model selection by minimum description length: Lower-bound sample sizes for the Fisher information approximation• An Open Newton Method for Piecewise Smooth Functions• Exploration of Finite 2D Square Grid by a Metamorphic Robotic System• A stochastic model for protrusion activity• Experience, Imitation and Reflection; Confucius’ Conjecture and Machine Learning• A further look at the truncated pentagonal number theorem• Off-Policy Evaluation and Learning from Logged Bandit Feedback: Error Reduction via Surrogate Policy• On the Stability of Matrix-Valued Riccati Diffusions• Out-of-equilibrium dynamical equations of infinite-dimensional particle systems• Wild Bootstrap based Confidence Bands for Multiplicative Hazards Models• Tumor Delineation For Brain Radiosurgery by a ConvNet and Non-Uniform Patch Generation• Robbins-Mobro conditions for persistent exploration learning strategies• Minimally sufficient representations, maximally informative samples and Zipf’s law• A Deep Neural Model Of Emotion Appraisal• Category-level 6D Object Pose Recovery in Depth Images• Subitizing with Variational Autoencoders• Bounds on the spectral radius of real-valued non-negative Kernels on measurable spaces• A Review on the Application of Natural Computing in Environmental Informatics• Critical Observability for Automata and Petri Nets• Saliency for Fine-grained Object Recognition in Domains with Scarce Training Data• Network Coding Techniques in Cooperative Cognitive Networks• Interpretable Visual Question Answering by Visual Grounding from Attention Supervision Mining• Towards Optimal Resource Allocation in Wireless Powered Communication Networks with Non-Orthogonal Multiple Access• Recurrent neural networks for aortic image sequence segmentation with sparse annotations• Non-Orthogonal Multiple Access for 5G and Beyond• Bi-Real Net: Enhancing the Performance of 1-bit CNNs With Improved Representational Capability and Advanced Training Algorithm• On Semimonotone Star Matrices and Linear Complementarity Problem• Energy-based Tuning of Convolutional Neural Networks on Multi-GPUs• Attention-based Pyramid Aggregation Network for Visual Place Recognition• Description of Stability for Two and Three-Dimensional Linear Time-Invariant Systems Based on Curvature and Torsion• TraMNet – Transition Matrix Network for Efficient Action Tube Proposals• Performance Evaluation of Multi-hop Relaying over Non-Gaussian PLC Channels• Learning Visual Question Answering by Bootstrapping Hard Attention• Equilibrium fluctuations for a chain of anharmonic oscillators in the Euler scaling limit• Stability Analysis of Piecewise Affine Systems with Multi-model Model Predictive Control• Model-order selection in statistical shape models• On a hierarchical control strategy for multi-agent formation without reflection• A Network Structure to Explicitly Reduce Confusion Errors in Semantic Segmentation• A version of Aldous’ spectral-gap conjecture for the zero range process• Generative Adversarial Frontal View to Bird View Synthesis• Imaginary Kinematics• Counting short cycles of (c,d)-regular bipartite graphs• The KPZ Equation on the Real Line• A Virtual Element Method for 2D linear elastic fracture analysis• Structured Differential Learning for Automatic Threshold Setting• Deep Appearance Models for Face Rendering• Pedestrian Motion Direction Estimation Using Simulated Automotive MIMO Radar• A Differentially Private Kernel Two-Sample Test• Reassembling the English novel, 1789-1919• A Note on the Maximum Rectilinear Crossing Number of Spiders• Just Interpolate: Kernel ‘Ridgeless’ Regression Can Generalize• Density of monochromatic infinite paths• Geometry of energy landscapes and the optimizability of deep neural networks• On stability of traveling wave solutions for integro-differential equations related to branching Markov processes• Optimal parameters for anomalous diffusion exponent estimation from noisy data• Debugging Non-Ground ASP Programs: Technique and Graphical Tools• Mixed effects models for healthcare longitudinal data with an informative visiting process: a Monte Carlo simulation study• Almost Envy Freeness and Welfare Efficiency in Fair Division with Goods or Bads• Seq2Seq and Multi-Task Learning for joint intent and content extraction for domain specific interpreters• Exploration and inference in spatial extremes using empirical basis functions• List Decoding with Double Samplers• Global Norm-Aware Pooling for Pose-Robust Face Recognition at Low False Positive Rate• New formulation of the Logistic-Normal process to analyze trajectory tracking data• Exponential decay of truncated correlations for the Ising model in any dimension for all but the critical temperature• Matrix completion and extrapolation via kernel regression• The polytabloid basis expands positively into the web basis• Towards a Semantic Perceptual Image Metric• Learning Blind Video Temporal Consistency• Power Management Policies for AWGN Channels with Slow-Varying Harvested Energy





### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

