---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Download 3 million Russian troll tweets
subtitle:      转载自：http://flowingdata.com/2018/08/02/download-3-million-russian-troll-tweets/
date:      2018-08-02
img:      3
author:      Nathan Yau
tags:
    - researchers
    - media
    - twitter
    - trolls
    - empirical
---

Oliver Roeder for FiveThirtyEight:

> FiveThirtyEight has obtained nearly 3 million tweets from accounts associated with the Internet Research Agency. To our knowledge, it’s the fullest empirical record to date of Russian trolls’ actions on social media, showing a relentless and systematic onslaught. In concert with the researchers who first pulled the tweets, FiveThirtyEight is uploading them to GitHub so that others can explore the data for themselves.
The data set is the work of two professors at Clemson University: Darren Linvill and Patrick Warren. Using advanced social media tracking software, they pulled the tweets from thousands of accounts that Twitter has acknowledged as being associated with the IRA. The professors shared their data with FiveThirtyEight in the hope that other researchers, and the broader public, will explore it and share what they find. “So far it’s only had two brains looking at it,” Linvill said of their trove of tweets. “More brains might find God-knows-what.”


How amazing would it be if this weren’t a thing and Twitter released this data themselves? Or better yet, what if Twitter released their own report based on research conducted by their own data scientists? No one knows how trolls use Twitter better than Twitter.

Of course, that’s not happening any time soon. So until then, download the data here.
