---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      The replication crisis and the political process
subtitle:      转载自：http://andrewgelman.com/2018/08/03/replication-crisis-political-process/
date:      2018-08-03
img:      1
author:      Andrew
tags:
    - monroe
    - writes
    - jackson
    - conservative
    - magazine
---




Jackson Monroe writes:

> I thought you might be interested in an article [by Dan McLaughlin] in NRO that discusses the replication crisis as part of a broadside against all public health research and social science. It seemed as though the author might be twisting the nature of the replication crisis toward his partisan ends, but I was curious as to your thoughts.
From the linked article:
The social-science problem is that “public health” studies — like that NRA-convention study — can be highly subjective and ungoverned by the rigors of hard sciences that seek to test a hypothesis with results that can be replicated by other researchers. Indeed, the social sciences in general today suffer from a systemic “replication crisis,” a bias toward publishing only results that support the researcher’s hypothesis, and chronic problems with errors remaining uncorrected.

NRO is the website of the National Review, a conservative magazine, and the NRA (National Rifle Association) convention study is something we discussed in this space recently.

I think McLaughlin is probably correct that studies that seek to advance a political agenda are likely to have serious methodological problems. I’ve seen this in both the left and the right, and I don’t really know what to do about it, except to hope that all important research has active opposition. By “opposition,” I mean, ideally, honest opposition, and I don’t mean gridlock. It’s just good if serious claims are evaluated seriously, and not just automatically believed because they are considered to be on the side of the angels.



