---
layout:     post
title:      How to Add Data Science Expertise to Your Organization
subtitle:   转载自：https://datascopeanalytics.com/blog/how-to-add-data-science-expertise-to-your-organization/
date:       2015-02-02
author:     Datascope Partners
header-img: img/background2.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - data science
    - businesses
    - firms
    - firmly
    - resources
---


This post is a part of a series from the partners at Datascope, titled **Business Strategy in Focus: Bring Me My Monocle**


Like most everything in life, business, or your morning trip to the coffee
shop, data science requires making choices. One of the earliest and most
important is deciding how to bring data science expertise into your
organization. You want to harness data science to make your business smarter,
innovative and more competitive. How will you do it?

Will your business leverage a big, name-brand consultancy? Is a specialized
data science firm the better path? Is it time to build an in-house team? Each
of these three options offer distinct advantages and challenges to consider.
This short, simple guide will overview the pros and cons of in-house,
big-brand and specialized data science resources.  

### The In-house Data Science Option

Is it best to hire and train a team of data science experts? As
you’ll see, the financial benefits are tempting, but timing and
recruiting present challenges:

#### The Pros

**Proprietary Data Science Practices**— In-house data science teams
embraced by the company culture experience greater access and influence
across the organization. When an in-house team advances data science
approaches and practices, the entire organization benefits from greater
collaboration and outcomes.
**Integrated effort**— In-house data science teams are, by design,
working directly alongside other members of your organization. As a result,
their goals are more naturally aligned with the organizations. As an added
benefit, knowledge transfer is markedly easier when you’re sitting
next to someone on an ongoing basis.
**Lower Cost for Some**— For businesses with diverse and ongoing data
science needs, hiring an in-house resource or team can potentially be more
cost effective. Retaining dedicated resources that build on company and
process knowledge eliminates the expense of selecting, educating and
integrating external partners.

#### The Cons

**Recruitment Challenges**— Recruiting data science talent is not
easy. It’s a new field and few recruiters have experience qualifying
data science professionals or understanding the skills, knowledge and
background that make a true data scientist. Does the business need someone
with a background in machine learning or statistics? Knowledge of
multi-level modeling or experimental design? Multi-lingual programming
capabilities or simply a python guru?  And beyond those considerations,
there is the challenge of finding a data scientist who has both
excellent business sense and extensive data expertise.

**Hiring Process**— A business must take into account the time and
resources necessary to recruit, hire and integrate a data science team.
Finding first-rate data scientists in today’s market when demand is
high and supplies are low can be arduous. Businesses can lose competitive
advantage during the months spent finding and hiring highly sought after
data science professionals.

**Innovation Stagnation**— When it comes to data science, businesses
want big innovation and game-changing ideas. However, big company processes
and corporate bureaucracy can drain the creativity right out of innovative
thinking. For some organizations, hiring data scientists in-house might be a
step away from, rather than toward, innovation.

### The Big Brand Consulting Option

There is a lot of confidence that comes with choosing the resources of a
big, globally recognized consulting firm. It’s a known—but
pricey—quantity:

#### The Pros

**Deep Resources**— Large, global consulting firms offer access to
extensive resources. The experience and reach of a big firm can bolster your
data science ambitions. Large firms also offer teams with depth. If one
consultant leaves, there is a skilled, experienced and highly educated
replacement at the ready to step in and maintain the momentum on your
project.
**Less Risk**— Large firms are known for their proven approaches to
solution delivery and the proprietary methodologies they use. Tapping into
solutions and processes built on successful track records reduces the risk
of mistake and/or failure.

#### The Cons

**Big Costs**— Big consulting means big spending. Be prepared to dig
deep into your pockets to cover the cost of the Pros noted above.
**Rigidity**— While proven paths and known methodologies can aid the
efficiency of a project, they can also limit creativity and spontaneity. If
a consulting firm gets caught in a conveyor belt approach to data science,
critical elements that fuel innovation—improvisation and
ingenuity—can be lost in the ultimate need to sell a product or the
next big project.
**Less-than-Premium**— There can be strong hierarchies in place.
Unless you are one of the firm’s very top clients, big brand
consulting firms might not give you the attention the company gives to its
biggest and most lucrative clients.

### The Boutique Data Science Firm Option

Data science expertise is definitely in high demand, and a lot of
experienced talent flocks to smaller, often more specialized firms. Can going
boutique box you in or expand your business opportunities?
 

#### The Pros

**Personal and Collaborative**— With smaller firms that specialize in
data science, you benefit from focused attention and the chance to
collaborate actively with the team of data scientists building your
solution.
**The Bleeding Edge**— By virtue of being helmed by highly
experienced data scientists, these smaller, specialized firms are often
better at keeping up-to-date with the latest algorithmic advances and
problem solving disciplines.
**The Ingenuity Factor**— Smaller firms are better at improvisation
and adaptation. Where big firms may bring processes and proprietary
methodologies locked in convention, a specialized data science firm can be
more flexible. They have greater freedom to go “off book” and
adjust a solution to reveal the data insights your business needs.  (If
you follow our 
NBA and 
NFL themed data posts, you know some of us are into sports. If you
do the same, we highly recommend this [Radio](http://www.radiolab.org/story/153799-games)[l](http://www.radiolab.org/story/153799-games)[ab](http://www.radiolab.org/story/153799-games) episode called
“Games,” in which they discuss the value of improvisation and
define what it means to go “off book” in that world).

#### The Cons

**Higher Risk**— At a smaller firm, risks are higher simply because
resources are fewer. If a member of your data science team leaves, they take
their knowledge and experience with them, which is hard and time-consuming
to replace.
**More Resources Required**— Whereas big consultancies can access
their own offshore software engineers and QA teams to build end-to-end
enterprise solutions, smaller firms may be limited in how far they can bring
a solution without tapping into third-party resources.

### You Know Your Business Best: Choose Wisely

In the race to conquer all things data, it’s important to be
selective. We firmly believe that data science, when done well, can add great
value to any business. Your best bet for getting the most from data
science is to carefully decide which resource option works best for your
unique business, industry, and objectives.
