---
layout:     post
title:      Can't Consume the Data? Can't Use the Data.
subtitle:   转载自：https://datascopeanalytics.com/blog/cant-consume-the-data-cant-use-the-data/
date:       2015-02-27
author:     Datascope Partners
header-img: img/background2.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - data
    - business
    - presentations
    - teams
    - consumable
---

This post is a part of a series from the partners at Datascope, titled **Business Strategy in Focus: Bring Me My Monocle**

Business leaders around the world continue to ask their
organizations to "get smarter about data." With
[the IDC predicting big data spending to swell to $125 billion this year](http://www.idc.com/getdoc.jsp?containerId=prUS25285614),
those requests are increasing in force and frequency. Perhaps, like
many chief executives, you started the ball rolling on big data
initiatives. Data collection and analysis are underway. Now, as
data-dense reports and presentations flow back into the executive
suite, get ready. You have a vital role to play.


### Data Consumption: Are They Eating It Up?


For data to make a business more informed, efficient and
competitive, it has to be consumable. Stakeholders need to be able
to digest it, manipulate it and ask questions. Valuable data has no
true value if the right people can't understand it and put it to
work.


Is your data consumable or will it go to waste? It all comes down one
critical factor: the presentation.

### Data Presentation: What Is It?

Data—big, small, complex or
straightforward—has endless presentation options. Some may refer to
data presentation as "visualization," but that’s only part of the
picture. Sure, data can be consumed visually—through graphs, pictures,
maps and infographics. But it can also be consumed more traditionally,
as numbers, forms, tables, and spreadsheets, and text. The
effectiveness of data presentation is not measured by how good it
looks, but instead by whether or not stakeholders can convert the
findings presented into action.


### Poor Presentation: What's Lost?

Every business leader has attended meetings where reams of data are
presented and the only result is a room full of glazed-over eyeballs.
Everyone leaves the meeting tired and overwhelmed and rarely with any
clear, actionable knowledge that will spark business change or
improvement. Perhaps the insights for change and improvement were
there, but they remained buried in the raw information.

While their methods may be more advanced, data science teams aren't
immune to these failures of communication. Teams often find valuable
insights, but overwhelm co-workers, business leaders, clients and
consumers with information in formats and tools that are difficult for
anyone else to use and understand.

Think of today's banks and financial institutions. They have
treasure troves of information about their customers' finances and the
behaviors of markets but rarely do they have useful, if any, ways to
illustrate data. As a result, consumers turn away from their banks to
outside products and service providers for real insights and support.
The data goes to waste. Is time, expense and effort spent on
collecting and analyzing data being wasted in your organization?

### Your Leadership Role: Drive Better Presentation

As the senior-most consumers of business data, you are responsible
for ensuring that the hard-won data your teams collect, analyze and
present can be both consumed and acted upon. By examining how your
teams engage with the data, you can quickly see if data presentation
is the problem. Start by doing what senior leaders were born to do:
Ask the right questions.

- Are there good questions coming from your business teams and stakeholders when data is presented?

- Are you seeing fatigue and frustration with the data tools and information presented?

- Is the data allowing your business to put tools in front of people that will make their jobs easier and more effective?

- Are there business results you can tie back to data presented?


If you find that interaction with the data is limited and
indifferent, data fatigue is high and results are absent, it's time
for your organization to take a very different, human-centric approach
to data presentation. Here are some tactics we've seen help data
science teams more effectively present data:

#### Start at the End

The best data science solutions begins with the end in mind. Rather
than beginning with data collection and analysis, begin by envisioning
what you need from the data and your 'dream presentation.' By starting
from the end, you ensure that all the other activities (data
collection, storage, analysis, etc.) are motivated by a real need— and
you set a lofty goal that gets people excited.

#### Engage Managers with Data People and Tools

If your down-line business leaders are frustrated with the data and
tools, get them involved in the process. As a leader, you want their
budget requests and business ideas to be backed by good, intelligent
data. To achieve that, they need to know how to ask for and get the
data and the presentation they need.

#### Add Designers to the Team

Smart designers will make presentations and tools more appealing
and useful—just ask Apple. If good design is missing from your data
teams, make a change. While design won't alter the data, it has a
commanding impact on whether people want to and can use it.

#### Encourage Audience Analysis and Customization

Ask data science teams to get a firsthand look at how their
co-workers use data. This eye-opening field work gives data scientists
the understanding needed to make data presentations effective
workplace tools. It also reminds them of the importance of customizing
their data presentations and tools by audience. Spreadsheets might be
perfect for treasury and accounting but pictures and charts could be
more effective for marketing. Encourage data science teams to take
what they learn in the field to customize and optimize data
presentations for the people who will use them.

#### Try Out the Tools Yourself

Do your own user testing. Try the dashboards and review data
presentations you want business teams to use. Make sure data is being
presented in useful, business-smart ways.

As a business leader, you understand the importance of a strong
vision. If you know where you want to go, the path is clearer. To get
data to do more for your business, the path must be cleared and we
invite you to take the broom. Dispense with "big data" and "more data"
thinking and get your organization focused on collecting, analyzing
and presenting the right data the right way— a way that fosters better
decisions and innovative ideas.
