---
layout:     post
title:      Twenty Eleven Child Theme： Creating CSS File
subtitle:   转载自：http://randyzwitch.com/twenty-eleven-child-theme-creating-css-file/
date:       2011-07-10
author:     未知
header-img: img/background1.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - themes
    - css
    - twentyeleven
    - child theme
    - wordpress
---

With the Twenty Eleven child theme directory [created](http://randyzwitch.com/wordpress-theme-twentyeleven-athualpa) as “twentyeleven-child” in the ‘/wp-content/themes’ directory, we’re now ready to create the first file as part of the child theme: the CSS file.

While we *could* just copy the existing CSS file from the Twenty Eleven theme (`style.css` in the `/wp-content/themes/twentyeleven directory`) and modify that file directly, if we do that then we will lose track of the changes that were made relative to the original Twenty Eleven styling.  So what we’re going to do is create a new CSS file to hold our changes, with a reference back to the original CSS file.

To start the process of creating the blank CSS file, open up your favorite plain text editor such as TextPad if you are using a PC or TextEdit if you are using a Mac.  It’s important to use a plain text editor and not a word processor such as Microsoft Word, as Word can add strange characters into your file.

So with a new, blank text document open, save this file with the name `style.css`.  Your file MUST be named style.css in order to work correctly.

In the newly created style.css file, add the following code (including the /*  and */ characters):

```
|1
2
3
4
5
6
|/* Theme Name: randyzwitch.com
Description: Child theme for the twentyeleven theme
Author: Randy Zwitch
Template: twentyeleven */

@import url("../twentyeleven/style.css");

```

Technically, this is all you need to have a fully-functional “child theme” in WordPress.  To make sure that everything is working correctly, go to the WordPress admin panel and select your new theme under Appearance > Themes and hit ‘Activate’ your new theme!

*For more information about creating CSS files for child themes in WordPress, go to the [CSS section](http://codex.wordpress.org/Child_Themes#The_required_style.css_file) of the WordPress Codex on this topic.*
