---
layout:     post
title:      The persistence of underdogs, part 3
subtitle:   转载自：https://datascopeanalytics.com/blog/the-persistence-of-underdogs-part-3/
date:       2011-04-02
author:     Dean Malmgren
header-img: img/background2.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - previous
    - easier
    - orange
    - bezier
    - captured
---


While our previous
diagram captured many of the appropriate quantitative virtures
of understanding how far different seeds make it in the NCAA
basketball tournament, it was not particularly good looking. Below
is a refined version of our diagram.



The first thing we improved was the “orthogonality” of
our previous diagram by using [Bezier curves](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B%C3%A9zier_curve) to smoothly transition
between rounds of the tournament. We think that the smooth
transitions make the diagram easier to follow, but waffled on
whether the shadow between the rounds is useful. The shadow does
make it easier to see the relative height of the bars on each round,
but also makes a semi-3D effect that we are still not sure if we
like.



We also improved the color scheme to better emphasize the
persistance of underdogs in the tournament. Shades of grey represent
the 9-16 seeds, all of which should be eliminated after the First
Round of the tournament. Shades of blue represent the 5-8 seeds, all
of which should be eliminated after the Second Round of the
tournament. Shades of green represent the 3-4 seeds, all of which
should be eliminated after the Sweet Sixteen. Brown represents the
2-seed, which should be eliminated after the Elite Eight. And orange
represents the 1-seed, which should always win the tournament.



Finally, we added a grey stroke to the curves and shadows between
rounds to make it easier to identify patterns for particular seeds
over subsequent rounds of the tournament.



Obviously, this continues to be a work in progress, and we look
forward to hearing your thoughts and comments! In particular, how
can we bring something back into the diagram that evokes the sense
that we are looking at a tournament bracket?

