---
layout:     post
title:      Wanted： Data Scientists
subtitle:   转载自：https://datascopeanalytics.com/press/wanted-data-scientists/
date:       2012-07-26
author:     Dean Malmgren
header-img: img/background3.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - data
    - new colleagues
    - involves designing
    - involvement
    - github
---


We are looking for up to three new colleagues that:


1. love analyzing and visualizing data to solve important problems

 already excel at (1) and want to improve and teach others how
to be a premier data scientist
 are fun to be around
and work with.


That pretty much sums it up, but here are some details to round out
each of these points and some more specific information about how
and when to contact us.


#### You love to solve important problems and see results.


We design solutions across industries, which requires our team to
quickly acquire domain expertise in a variety of specialties. We are
learners who are eager to design new tools when a solution is not
available and quickly master new techniques when the opportunity
presents itself. We are all self-motivated and stimulated by our
start-up “doer” culture; colleagues don’t let other
colleagues “pass the buck.”


#### You care about design.


We aim to grow the best applied data science team in the world, and
believe our primary challenge is to build our team’s ability to
effectively communicate complex data-oriented ideas to the
appropriate audience. Most often, this involves designing intuitive
visualizations. Our ideal colleague has experience and interest in
designing interfaces and visuals that are simple, powerful, and
beautiful.


#### You write code and love it.


We try to not be handcuffed by tools, but data scientists need to be
able to write code. More importantly, you must demonstrate your
enthusiasm and ability to improve. GitHub activity, StackOverflow
chops, development experience, and Quora involvement are all
perks. The following list is always changing, but here are some of
our favorite tools:


- **Python**, deserves a line of its own 

- **Analysis**: Hadoop, SciPy, R, Celery, Googling skillz 

- **Graphics**: Inkscape, GIMP, Processing 

- **Javascript**: Raphaël, d3, Ember, Backbone, jQuery 

- **Databases**: MySQL, MongoDB, HBase 

- **Web**: Django, HTML5, CSS, SVG, SCSS 

**Unix command line**: sort, uniq, grep, awk, cowsay, sed, cut,
find, xargs, etc. 

#### You thrive at a whiteboard as part of a creative team.


A typical day at Datascope Analytics involves spending time as a
team in front of the whiteboard brainstorming proposals or solutions
for our clients, pair-programming and designing dashboards, and
conversing with clients. We don’t have space for back-room nerdery,
in part because we do not have a back room. We’re also always down
to try new lunch spots in the Loop (and beyond) and we don’t take
ourselves too seriously.


#### You have a life.


We value colleagues that have interests and expertise beyond the
typical “marketable skill set.” We wholeheartedly
embrace colleagues that have recently taken up crocheting, become
avid cyclists, love playing and listening to funk, are world-class
bridge players, enjoy cooking in all its glory, or tinker with
robotics and home automation. We believe it is important to enjoy
what you do while we are in the office, but that it is just as
important to have something that you look forward to doing when you
leave!


#### Sound like a good match for you?


Send a message to
[[email protected]](https://datascopeanalytics.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#95e2fae7fed5f1f4e1f4e6f6fae5f0f4fbf4f9ece1fcf6e6bbf6faf8)
by no later than Sunday, August 12, 2012 with examples of your work
and your LinkedIn profile. Feel free to include your Twitter,
GitHub, StackOverflow, or any other usernames as appropriate. We
also accept resumes if you feel the need to add credence to your
college career center. We plan to review and invite candidates for
interviews by mid-September.

