---
layout:     post
title:      Logic module (sympy.logic)： improving speed
subtitle:   转载自：http://fa.bianp.net/blog/2009/logic-module-sympylogic-improving-speed/
date:       2009-08-18
author:     Fabian Pedregosa
header-img: img/background1.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - speed improvements
    - test_dimacs
    - performance
    - cnf
    - internal representation
---

Today I've been doing some speed improvements for the logic module. More
precisely, I implemented an efficient internal representation for
clauses in conjunctive normal form. In practice this means a huge
performance boost for all problems that make use the function
satisfiable() or dpll_satisfiable(). For example, test_dimacs.py has
moved from 2.7 seconds to an impressive 0.3 sec, and ask() runs on
average 3x times faster, although both problems still have an overhead
because of the conversion to this new representation that can be avoided
in most times. Now, the details. Traditionally, dpll (the algorithm that
we use for deciding satisfiability) used to store clauses as arrays of
symbols, and this worked fine, but sadly comparing symbols in sympy is
slow, and this algorithm does a lot of comparisons ... but we can map
each sympy symbol to a unique integer, and with minor modifications to
the algorithm we get these performance gains. Now, the code. You can
pull from my branch logic:
git pull http://fseoane.net/git/sympy.git logic There are now some
obvious performance tweaks we can do: - in ask(), we can skip the
conversion to integer representation by 'precompiling'
known_facts_dict into this representation. This should be easy and
will probably give performance boosts of several orders of magnitude. -
this integer representation is very similar to the one used in dimacs
CNF files, so a parser that directly converts CNF files to this integer
representation should make solving CNF files much faster. --- I would
like to give some credit to Ronan Lamy, who sent a patch some time ago,
and although I did not include it (yet) into main sympy branch, it
inspired me for these modifications.
