---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Finding out why
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/07/25/finding-out-why-21/
date:      2019-07-25
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - dynamics
    - dynamical
    - estimation
    - estimator
    - estimate
---

***Paper***: ***Can Machine Learning Identify Governing Laws For Dynamics in Complex Engineered Systems ? : A Study in Chemical Engineering***

Machine learning recently has been used to identify the governing equations for dynamics in physical systems. The promising results from applications on systems such as fluid dynamics and chemical kinetics inspire further investigation of these methods on complex engineered systems. Dynamics of these systems play a crucial role in design and operations. Hence, it would be advantageous to learn about the mechanisms that may be driving the complex dynamics of systems. In this work, our research question was aimed at addressing this open question about applicability and usefulness of novel machine learning approach in identifying the governing dynamical equations for engineered systems. We focused on distillation column which is an ubiquitous unit operation in chemical engineering and demonstrates complex dynamics i.e. it’s dynamics is a combination of heuristics and fundamental physical laws. We tested the method of Sparse Identification of Non-Linear Dynamics (SINDy) because of it’s ability to produce white-box models with terms that can be used for physical interpretation of dynamics. Time series data for dynamics was generated from simulation of distillation column using ASPEN Dynamics. One promising result was reduction of number of equations for dynamic simulation from 1000s in ASPEN to only 13 – one for each state variable. Prediction accuracy was high on the test data from system within the perturbation range, however outside perturbation range equations did not perform well. In terms of physical law extraction, some terms were interpretable as related to Fick’s law of diffusion (with concentration terms) and Henry’s law (with ratio of concentration and pressure terms). While some terms were interpretable, we conclude that more research is needed on combining engineering systems with machine learning approach to improve understanding of governing laws for unknown dynamics.

***Paper***: ***Interventional Effect Models for Multiple Mediators***

In settings that involve multiple mediators, approaches focusing on fine-grained decompositions of natural (in)direct effects are only valid under strong assumptions. In particular, the assumptions are known to be violated when – as often – the structural dependence between the multiple mediators is unknown. In contrast, interventional (in)direct effects, introduced by VanderWeele et al. (2014), can be identified under much weaker conditions than natural (in)direct effects, but have the drawback of not adding up to the total effect. Vansteelandt and Daniel (2017) adapted their proposal to achieve an exact decomposition of the total effect, and generalized the interventional effects to the multiple mediator setting. In this article, we introduce interventional effect models that allow for simultaneous and parsimonious modeling of the interventional effects when there are multiple mediators. The parameters in the effect models encode the effects of a treatment on an outcome that are mediated by distinct mediators, even when the directions of the causal effects between the mediators are unknown, or when the mediators share hidden common causes. The mediators and outcome can be continuous or noncontinuous. Estimation proceeds via Monte Carlo integration and only requires specifying a joint distribution of the mediators and an outcome model.

***Article***: ***Frameworks of Causal Inference for Improving Intervention, Prediction, and Imagination in Family Violence Research: a Commentary on Rose (2018)***

The purpose of this commentary on Rose (2018) is to address several important reasons why credible causal frameworks are critical to the success of family violence research. The commentary addresses three topics: intervention, prediction, and imagination. These three areas provide justification for why an improvement in causal inference will also yield greater research impact.

***Article***: ***The AI Technique That Could Imbue Machines With the Ability to Reason***

Yann LeCun, Facebook’s chief AI scientist, believes unsupervised learning will bring about the next AI revolution.

***Article***: ***“Real life” DAG simulation using the simMixedDAG package***

I’ve discussed on several blog posts how Causal Inference involves making inference about unobserved quantities and distributions (e.g. we never observe Y | d o ( x ) ). That means we can’t benchmark different algorithms on Causal Inference tasks (e.g A T E / C A T E estimation) the same way we do in ML because we don’t have any ground truth to benchmark against.

***Article***: ***MINE: Mutual Information Neural Estimation***

Mutual information, also known as information gain, has been successfully used in the context of deep learning(which we will see soon) and deep reinforcement learning(e.g., VIME, EMI) to measure/enhance the coupling between two representations. In this article, we discuss in detail a neural estimator named MINE(Mutual Information Neural Estimation), published by Mohamed Ishmael Belghazi et al. in ICML 2018, that allows us to directly estimate the mutual information. This article is comprised of three parts: We first introduce the concept of mutual information, building some intuition for a better understanding of what we are dealing with. Then we present the MINE algorithm and discuss some of its applications in deep learning. In the end, we provide all proofs you need to make sense of what we are talking about here.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
