---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Whats new on arXiv
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/07/24/whats-new-on-arxiv-1054/
date:      2019-07-24
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - data
    - learning
    - learned
    - models
    - modeling
---

**Flatter is better: Percentile Transformations for Recommender Systems**

It is well known that explicit user ratings in recommender systems are biased towards high ratings, and that users differ significantly in their usage of the rating scale. Implementers usually compensate for these issues through rating normalization or the inclusion of a user bias term in factorization models. However, these methods adjust only for the central tendency of users’ distributions. In this work, we demonstrate that lack of \textit{flatness} in rating distributions is negatively correlated with recommendation performance. We propose a rating transformation model that compensates for skew in the rating distribution as well as its central tendency by converting ratings into percentile values as a pre-processing step before recommendation generation. This transformation flattens the rating distribution, better compensates for differences in rating distributions, and improves recommendation performance. We also show a smoothed version of this transformation designed to yield more intuitive results for users with very narrow rating distributions. A comprehensive set of experiments show improved ranking performance for these percentile transformations with state-of-the-art recommendation algorithms in four real-world data sets.

**Truth, Proof, and Reproducibility: There’s no counter-attack for the codeless**

Current concerns about reproducibility in many research communities can be traced back to a high value placed on empirical reproducibility of the physical details of scientific experiments and observations. For example, the detailed descriptions by 17th century scientist Robert Boyle of his vacuum pump experiments are often held to be the ideal of reproducibility as a cornerstone of scientific practice. Victoria Stodden has claimed that the computer is an analog for Boyle’s pump — another kind of scientific instrument that needs detailed descriptions of how it generates results. In the place of Boyle’s hand-written notes, we now expect code in open source programming languages to be available to enable others to reproduce and extend computational experiments. In this paper we show that there is another genealogy for reproducibility, starting at least from Euclid, in the production of proofs in mathematics. Proofs have a distinctive quality of being necessarily reproducible, and are the cornerstone of mathematical science. However, the task of the modern mathematical scientist has drifted from that of blackboard rhetorician, where the craft of proof reigned, to a scientific workflow that now more closely resembles that of an experimental scientist. So, what is proof in modern mathematics? And, if proof is unattainable in other fields, what is due scientific diligence in a computational experimental environment? How do we measure truth in the context of uncertainty? Adopting a manner of Lakatosian conversant conjecture between two mathematicians, we examine how proof informs our practice of computational statistical inquiry. We propose that a reorientation of mathematical science is necessary so that its reproducibility can be readily assessed.

**On the Evaluation of Conditional GANs**

Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks (cGANs) are finding increasingly widespread use in many application domains. Despite outstanding progress, quantitative evaluation of such models often involves multiple distinct metrics to assess different desirable properties such as image quality, intra-conditioning diversity, and conditional consistency, making model benchmarking challenging. In this paper, we propose the Frechet Joint Distance (FJD), which implicitly captures the above mentioned properties in a single metric. FJD is defined as the Frechet Distance of the joint distribution of images and conditionings, making it less sensitive to the often limited per-conditioning sample size. As a result, it scales more gracefully to stronger forms of conditioning such as pixel-wise or multi-modal conditioning. We evaluate FJD on a modified version of the dSprite dataset as well as on the large scale COCO-Stuff dataset, and consistently highlight its benefits when compared to currently established metrics. Moreover, we use the newly introduced metric to compare existing cGAN-based models, with varying conditioning strengths, and show that FJD can be used as a promising single metric for model benchmarking.

**Classification Schemas for Artificial Intelligence Failures**

In this paper we examine historical failures of artificial intelligence (AI) and propose a classification scheme for categorizing future failures. By doing so we hope that (a) the responses to future failures can be improved through applying a systematic classification that can be used to simplify the choice of response and (b) future failures can be reduced through augmenting development lifecycles with targeted risk assessments.

**An Adaptive Approach for Anomaly Detector Selection and Fine-Tuning in Time Series**

The anomaly detection of time series is a hotspot of time series data mining. The own characteristics of different anomaly detectors determine the abnormal data that they are good at. There is no detector can be optimizing in all types of anomalies. Moreover, it still has difficulties in industrial production due to problems such as a single detector can’t be optimized at different time windows of the same time series. This paper proposes an adaptive model based on time series characteristics and selecting appropriate detector and run-time parameters for anomaly detection, which is called ATSDLN(Adaptive Time Series Detector Learning Network). We take the time series as the input of the model, and learn the time series representation through FCN. In order to realize the adaptive selection of detectors and run-time parameters according to the input time series, the outputs of FCN are the inputs of two sub-networks: the detector selection network and the run-time parameters selection network. In addition, the way that the variable layer width design of the parameter selection sub-network and the introduction of transfer learning make the model be with more expandability. Through experiments, it is found that ATSDLN can select appropriate anomaly detector and run-time parameters, and have strong expandability, which can quickly transfer. We investigate the performance of ATSDLN in public data sets, our methods outperform other methods in most cases with higher effect and better adaptation. We also show experimental results on public data sets to demonstrate how model structure and transfer learning affect the effectiveness.

**Autoencoder-Based Incremental Class Learning without Retraining on Old Data**

Incremental class learning, a scenario in continual learning context where classes and their training data are sequentially and disjointedly observed, challenges a problem widely known as catastrophic forgetting. In this work, we propose a novel incremental class learning method that can significantly reduce memory overhead compared to previous approaches. Apart from conventional classification scheme using softmax, our model bases on an autoencoder to extract prototypes for given inputs so that no change in its output unit is required. It stores only the mean of prototypes per class to perform metric-based classification, unlike rehearsal approaches which rely on large memory or generative model. To mitigate catastrophic forgetting, regularization methods are applied on our model when a new task is encountered. We evaluate our method by experimenting on CIFAR-100 and CUB-200-2011 and show that its performance is comparable to the state-of-the-art method with much lower additional memory cost.

**FBLAS: Streaming Linear Algebra on FPGA**

Energy efficiency is one of the primary concerns when designing large scale computing systems. This makes reconfigurable hardware an attractive alternative to load-store architectures, as it allows eliminating expensive control and data movement overheads in computations. In practice, these devices are often not considered in the high-performance computing community, due to the steep learning curve and low productivity of hardware design, and the lack of available library support for fundamental operations. With the introduction of high-level synthesis (HLS) tools, programming hardware has become more accessible, but optimizing for these architectures requires factoring in new transformations and trade-offs between hardware resources and computational performance. We present FBLAS, an open source implementation of BLAS for FPGAs. FBLAS is implemented with HLS, enabling reusability, maintainability, and portability across FPGAs, and easy integration with existing software and hardware codes. By using the work-depth model, we capture the space/time trade-off of designing linear algebra circuits, allowing modules to be optimized within performance or resource constraints. Module interfaces are designed to natively support streaming communication across on-chip connections, allowing them to be composed to reduce off-chip communication. With the methodologies used to design FBLAS, we hope to set a precedent for FPGA library design, and contribute to the toolbox of customizable hardware components that is necessary for HPC codes to start productively targeting reconfigurable platforms.

**Distributed Hypothesis Testing: Cooperation and Concurrent Detection**

A single-sensor two-detectors system is considered where the sensor communicates with both detectors and Detector 1 communicates with Detector 2, all over noise-free rate-limited links. The sensor and both detectors observe discrete memoryless source sequences whose joint probability mass function depends on a binary hypothesis. The goal at each detector is to guess the binary hypothesis in a way that, for increasing observation lengths, the probability of error under one of the hypotheses decays to zero with largest possible exponential decay, whereas the probability of error under the other hypothesis can decay to zero arbitrarily slow. For the setting with zero-rate communication on both links, we exactly characterize the set of possible exponents and the gain brought up by cooperation, in function of the number of bits that are sent over the two links. Notice that, for this setting, tradeoffs between the exponents achieved at the two detectors arise only in few particular cases. In all other cases, each detector achieves the same performance as if it were the only detector in the system. For the setting with positive communication rates from the sensor to the detectors, we characterize the set of all possible exponents in a special case of testing against independence. In this case the cooperation link allows Detector~2 to increase its Type-II error exponent by an amount that is equal to the exponent attained at Detector 1. We also provide a general inner bound on the set of achievable error exponents. For most cases it shows a tradeoff between the two exponents.

**Can Machine Learning Identify Governing Laws For Dynamics in Complex Engineered Systems ? : A Study in Chemical Engineering**

Machine learning recently has been used to identify the governing equations for dynamics in physical systems. The promising results from applications on systems such as fluid dynamics and chemical kinetics inspire further investigation of these methods on complex engineered systems. Dynamics of these systems play a crucial role in design and operations. Hence, it would be advantageous to learn about the mechanisms that may be driving the complex dynamics of systems. In this work, our research question was aimed at addressing this open question about applicability and usefulness of novel machine learning approach in identifying the governing dynamical equations for engineered systems. We focused on distillation column which is an ubiquitous unit operation in chemical engineering and demonstrates complex dynamics i.e. it’s dynamics is a combination of heuristics and fundamental physical laws. We tested the method of Sparse Identification of Non-Linear Dynamics (SINDy) because of it’s ability to produce white-box models with terms that can be used for physical interpretation of dynamics. Time series data for dynamics was generated from simulation of distillation column using ASPEN Dynamics. One promising result was reduction of number of equations for dynamic simulation from 1000s in ASPEN to only 13 – one for each state variable. Prediction accuracy was high on the test data from system within the perturbation range, however outside perturbation range equations did not perform well. In terms of physical law extraction, some terms were interpretable as related to Fick’s law of diffusion (with concentration terms) and Henry’s law (with ratio of concentration and pressure terms). While some terms were interpretable, we conclude that more research is needed on combining engineering systems with machine learning approach to improve understanding of governing laws for unknown dynamics.

**ELG: An Event Logic Graph**

The evolution and development of events have their own basic principles, which make events happen sequentially. Therefore, the discovery of such evolutionary patterns among events are of great value for event prediction, decision-making and scenario design of dialog systems. However, conventional knowledge graph mainly focuses on the entities and their relations, which neglects the real world events. In this paper, we present a novel type of knowledge base – Event Logic Graph (ELG), which can reveal evolutionary patterns and development logics of real world events. Specifically, ELG is a directed cyclic graph, whose nodes are events, and edges stand for the sequential, causal or hypernym-hyponym (is-a) relations between events. We constructed two domain ELG: financial domain ELG, which consists of more than 1.5 million of event nodes and more than 1.8 million of directed edges, and travel domain ELG, which consists of about 30 thousand of event nodes and more than 234 thousand of directed edges. Experimental results show that ELG is effective for the task of script event prediction.

**Credit Assignment as a Proxy for Transfer in Reinforcement Learning**

The ability to transfer representations to novel environments and tasks is a sensible requirement for general learning agents. Despite the apparent promises, transfer in Reinforcement Learning is still an open and under-exploited research area. In this paper, we suggest that credit assignment, regarded as a supervised learning task, could be used to accomplish transfer. Our contribution is twofold: we introduce a new credit assignment mechanism based on self-attention, and show that the learned credit can be transferred to in-domain and out-of-domain scenarios.

**Convolutional Reservoir Computing for World Models**

Recently, reinforcement learning models have achieved great success, completing complex tasks such as mastering Go and other games with higher scores than human players. Many of these models collect considerable data on the tasks and improve accuracy by extracting visual and time-series features using convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and recurrent neural networks, respectively. However, these networks have very high computational costs because they need to be trained by repeatedly using a large volume of past playing data. In this study, we propose a novel practical approach called reinforcement learning with convolutional reservoir computing (RCRC) model. The RCRC model has several desirable features: 1. it can extract visual and time-series features very fast because it uses random fixed-weight CNN and the reservoir computing model; 2. it does not require the training data to be stored because it extracts features without training and decides action with evolution strategy. Furthermore, the model achieves state of the art score in the popular reinforcement learning task. Incredibly, we find the random weight-fixed simple networks like only one dense layer network can also reach high score in the RL task.

**Systematic Mapping Protocol Feature Modeling Tools**

The customers and users need for new products and services according to high-quality standards have increased in the last time. In that sense, the production processes must be aligned with the organization and development process in order to achieve this goal. The aim of this paper is to synthesize the current state of the research reported in the literature regarding the application domain, underlying model, origin, degree of empirical validation and quality of existing feature modeling tools used in SPL. Therefore, this technical report presents the protocol definition for a systematic mapping study (SMS) that we will conduct to identify and assess the set of relevant papers on feature model tools.

**Probabilistic Regressor Chains with Monte Carlo Methods**

A large number and diversity of techniques have been offered in the literature in recent years for solving multi-label classification tasks, including classifier chains where predictions are cascaded to other models as additional features. The idea of extending this chaining methodology to multi-output regression has already been suggested and trialed: regressor chains. However, this has so-far been limited to greedy inference and has provided relatively poor results compared to individual models, and of limited applicability. In this paper we identify and discuss the main limitations, including an analysis of different base models, loss functions, explainability, and other desiderata of real-world applications. To overcome the identified limitations we study and develop methods for regressor chains. In particular we present a sequential Monte Carlo scheme in the framework of a probabilistic regressor chain, and we show it can be effective, flexible and useful in several types of data. We place regressor chains in context in general terms of multi-output learning with continuous outputs, and in doing this shed additional light on classifier chains.

**User-Interactive Machine Learning Model for Identifying Structural Relationships of Code Features**

Traditional machine learning based intelligent systems assist users by learning patterns in data and making recommendations. However, these systems are limited in that the user has little means of understanding the rationale behind the systems suggestions, communicating their own understanding of patterns, or correcting system behavior. In this project, we outline a model for intelligent software based on a human computer feedback loop. The Machine Learning (ML) systems recommendations are reviewed by the user, and in turn, this information shapes the systems decision making. Our model was applied to developing an HTML editor that integrates ML with user interaction to ascertain structural relationships between HTML document features and apply them for code completion. The editor utilizes the ID3 algorithm to build decision trees, sequences of rules for predicting code the user will type. The editor displays the decision trees rules in the Interactive Rules Interface System (IRIS), which allows developers to prioritize, modify, or delete them. These interactions alter the data processed by ID3, providing the developer some control over the autocomplete system. Validation indicates that, absent user interaction, the ML model is able to predict tags with 78.4 percent accuracy, attributes with 62.9 percent accuracy, and values with 12.8 percent accuracy. Based off of the results of the user study, user interaction with the rules interface corrects feature relationships missed or mistaken by the automated process, enhancing autocomplete accuracy and developer productivity. Additionally, interaction is proven to help developers work with greater awareness of code patterns. Our research demonstrates the viability of a software integration of machine intelligence with human feedback.

**A Survey of Data Quality Measurement and Monitoring Tools**

High-quality data is key to interpretable and trustworthy data analytics and the basis for meaningful data-driven decisions. In practical scenarios, data quality is typically associated with data preprocessing, profiling, and cleansing for subsequent tasks like data integration or data analytics. However, from a scientific perspective, a lot of research has been published about the measurement (i.e., the detection) of data quality issues and different generally applicable data quality dimensions and metrics have been discussed. In this work, we close the gap between research into data quality measurement and practical implementations by investigating the functional scope of current data quality tools. With a systematic search, we identified 667 software tools dedicated to ‘data quality’, from which we evaluated 13 tools with respect to three functionality areas: (1) data profiling, (2) data quality measurement in terms of metrics, and (3) continuous data quality monitoring. We selected the evaluated tools with regard to pre-defined exclusion criteria to ensure that they are domain-independent, provide the investigated functions, and are evaluable freely or as trial. This survey aims at a comprehensive overview on state-of-the-art data quality tools and reveals potential for their functional enhancement. Additionally, the results allow a critical discussion on concepts, which are widely accepted in research, but hardly implemented in any tool observed, for example, generally applicable data quality metrics.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
