---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Machine learning for all developers with edX and Amazon SageMaker
subtitle:      转载自：https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/machine-learning/machine-learning-for-all-developers-with-edx-and-amazon-sagemaker/
date:      2019-07-25
author:      Jennifer Davis
tags:
    - managed
    - management
    - manager
    - development
    - developed
---

Customers often ask us how to get started when they do not have a deep data science and machine learning (ML) background. At AWS, our goal is to put ML in the hands of every developer and data scientist.

AWS Training and Certification has partnered with edX to help you get started quickly and easily with ML with our interactive course, *Amazon SageMaker: Simplifying Machine Learning Application Development**. *


Available exclusively on edX, *Amazon SageMaker: Simplifying Machine Learning Application Development* is an intermediate-level digital course that provides a baseline understanding of ML and how applications can be built, trained, and deployed using Amazon SageMaker. Amazon SageMaker is a****fully managed, modular service that covers the entire ML workflow. It helps you label and prepare your data; choose an algorithm; train the model; tune and optimize it for deployment; make predictions; and act.

This course was developed by AWS experts. It explains the following:

- Key problems that ML can address and ultimately help solve

- How to train a model using Amazon SageMaker’s built-in algorithms and a Jupyter Notebook instance

- How to deploy a model using Amazon SageMaker

- How to integrate the published SageMaker endpoint with an application


*Amazon SageMaker: Simplifying Machine Learning Application Development *is recommended for developers of all skills. If you want to take your models from concept to production quickly and easily, or are looking to level up in ML, this course is for you. Before beginning, we recommend that you have at least one year of software development experience. You should also have a basic understanding of AWS services and the AWS Management Console, either through previous experience or the *AWS Developer Professional Series*.

The course is divided into four weekly lessons, with an estimated two to four hours per week of study time. It features video-based lectures, demonstrations, and hands-on lab exercises. You can set your own pace and deadlines. Everyone can take the weekly quizzes, which are not graded and allow unlimited retries.

This on-demand, 100%-digital course is available now and is offered on a complimentary basis.

Get started today at *Amazon SageMaker: Simplifying Machine Learning Application Development*.

---

### About the Author

Jennifer Davis is the Senior Manager, Product Marketing, for AWS Training and Certification.
