---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Distilled News
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/07/08/distilled-news-1126/
date:      2019-07-08
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - models
    - modeling
    - data
    - coded
    - coding
---

**Build TensorFlow Lite model with Firebase AutoML Vision Edge**

For more than a year now, Firebase – backend platform for mobile and web development, has ML Kit SDK in its portfolio. Thanks to this feature, it is way easier to implement machine learning solutions in mobile apps, regardless of ML skills we have. With APIs like Text Recognition or Image Labeling, we can add those functionalities to our app with a couple of lines of code. ML Kit also provides a simple way for plugging-in custom machine learning solutions – we provide TensorFlow Lite model, and Firebase is responsible for deploying it into our app – multiplatform (Android and iOS), offline or online (model can be bundled with app on downloaded on-demand in runtime), with a simplified code for implementing an interpreter. During Google I/O 2019, there were some new announcements for ML Kit. One of the most interesting things is AutoML Vision Edge – the solution for automatic model training base on your images.

**Speed Up Your Python Code with Cython**

If you have ever coded in Python, you have probably spent more time waiting for certain code blocks to execute than you would like. While there are ways to make your code more efficient, it will most likely still be slower than C code, for instance. This boils down mainly to the fact that Python is a dynamic programming language and moves many things to runtime that C takes care of during compilation. Nevertheless, if you, like me, enjoy coding in Python and still want to speed up your code you could consider using Cython. While Cython itself is a separate programming language, it is very easy to incorporate into your e.g. Jupyter Notebook workflow. Upon execution, Cython translates your Python code to C, often times significantly speeding it up.

**VGG Neural Networks: The Next Step After AlexNet**

AlexNet came out in 2012 and was a revolutionary advancement; it improved on traditional Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and became one of the best models for image classification… until VGG came out.

**The Hitchhikers guide to handle Big Data using Spark**

This post is going to be about – ‘How to make Spark work?’

**Using unsupervised machine learning to uncover hidden scientific knowledge**

It has become increasingly difficult to keep up with the pace at which new scientific literature is published. It might take months for an individual researcher to do an extensive literature review even on a single topic. What if a machine could read all of the papers ever published on the specific topic in minutes and tell the scientists the best way forward? Well, we are still very far from that, but our research described below suggests a novel approach to utilize the scientific literature for materials discovery with minimal human supervision.

**Explain NLP models with LIME and SHAP**

All machine learning models that operate in higher dimensions than what can be directly visualized by the human mind can be referred as black box models which come down to the interpretability of the models. In particular in the field of NLP, it’s always the case that the dimension of the features are very huge, explaining feature importance is getting much more complicated. LIME & SHAP help us provide an explanation not only to end users but also ourselves about how a NLP model works.

**How the Mathematics of Fractals Can Help Predict Stock Markets Shifts**

Using Fractals to Identify Market Anomalies In financial markets, two of the most common trading strategies used by investors are the momentum and mean reversion strategies. If a stock exhibits momentum (or trending behavior as shown in the figure below), its price on the current period is more likely to increase (decrease) if it has already increased (decreased) on the previous period.

**Northstar – The Latest & Greatest in Drag-and-drop data analytics from MIT and Brown University**

Researchers from MIT and Brown University have developed a system for interactive data analytics that runs on touchscreens and lets everyone use machine-learning models to make predictions for medical research, sales, and more.

**Drag-and-drop data analytics**

System lets nonspecialists use machine-learning models to make predictions for medical research, sales, and more.

**Detecting communities in a language co-occurrence network**

In this post, we are going to undertake community detection in the python package Igraph, to attempt to detect communities within a language co-occurrence network. This will be implemented using two popular community detection algorithms: Walktrap, and Label Propagation.

**7 Reasons Why Machine Learning Is a Game Changer for Agriculture**

# 1 Automated Irrigation Systems# 2 Drones# 3 Robocrop: Smart Robots for Picking Fruit# 4 Crop Monitoring Systems# 5 Precision Agriculture# 6 Animal Identification and Health Monitoring# 7 Greenhouse Climate Controller

**Don’t Miss out on these 24 Amazing Python Libraries for Data Science**

Python libraries for different data science tasks:• Data Collection (Beautiful Soup,Scrapy,Selenium)• Data Cleaning and Manipulation (Pandas,PyOD,NumPy,Spacy)• Data Visualization (Matplotlib,Seaborn,Bokeh)• Modeling (Scikit-learn,TensorFlow,PyTorch)• Model Interpretability (Lime,H2O)• Audio Processing (Librosa,Madmom,pyAudioAnalysis)• Image Processing (OpenCV-Python,Scikit-image,Pillow)• Database (Psycopg,SQLAlchemy)• Deployment (Flask)

### Like this:

Like Loading...
