---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Finding out why
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/07/14/finding-out-why-15/
date:      2019-07-14
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - injuries
    - injury
    - rewards
    - paper
    - athletes
---

***Article***: ***Will Banning E-Cigarettes Help Public Health – or Harm It?***

Last month, in a controversial move, San Francisco became the first major city in the United States to ban the sale and distribution of electronic cigarettes. Some experts claim that e-cigs are healthier alternatives to conventional cigarettes and can help smokers quit. Others, though, say the proliferation of e-cigarettes is ensnaring a young generation – who likely wouldn’t have started smoking otherwise – in the grips of nicotine addiction. It’s a classic public health conundrum: How should the medical community and legislators advise patients and protect the public when there’s mixed evidence on the potential harms of a given product? This is the central dilemma facing doctors, politicians, and parents as they struggle to contend with the relatively recent introduction of e-cigs.

***Paper***: ***Human detection of machine manipulated media***

Recent advances in neural networks for content generation enable artificial intelligence (AI) models to generate high-quality media manipulations. Here we report on a randomized experiment designed to study the effect of exposure to media manipulations on over 15,000 individuals’ ability to discern machine-manipulated media. We engineer a neural network to plausibly and automatically remove objects from images, and we deploy this neural network online with a randomized experiment where participants can guess which image out of a pair of images has been manipulated. The system provides participants feedback on the accuracy of each guess. In the experiment, we randomize the order in which images are presented, allowing causal identification of the learning curve surrounding participants’ ability to detect fake content. We find sizable and robust evidence that individuals learn to detect fake content through exposure to manipulated media when provided iterative feedback on their detection attempts. Over a succession of only ten images, participants increase their rating accuracy by over ten percentage points. Our study provides initial evidence that human ability to detect fake, machine-generated content may increase alongside the prevalence of such media online.

***Paper***: ***Brand vs. Generic: Addressing Non-Adherence, Secular Trends, and Non-Overlap***

While generic drugs offer a cost-effective alternative to brand name drugs, regulators need a method to assess therapeutic equivalence in a post market setting. We develop such a method in the context of assessing the therapeutic equivalence of immediate release (IM) venlafaxine, based on a large insurance claims dataset provided by OptumLabs\textsuperscript{\textregistered}. To properly address this question, our methodology must deal with issues of non-adherence, secular trends in health outcomes, and lack of treatment overlap due to sharp uptake of the generic once it becomes available. We define, identify (under assumptions) and estimate (using G-computation) a causal effect for a time-to-event outcome by extending regression discontinuity to survival curves. We do not find evidence for a lack of therapeutic equivalence of brand and generic IM venlafaxine.

***Paper***: ***The acute:chronic workload ratio: challenges and prospects for improvement***

Injuries occur when an athlete performs a greater amount of activity (workload) than what their body can absorb. To maximize the positive effects of training while avoiding injuries, athletes and coaches need to determine safe workload levels. The International Olympic Committee has recommended using the acute:chronic workload ratio (ACRatio) to monitor injury risk, and has provided thresholds to minimize risk. However, there are several limitations to the ACRatio which may impact the validity of current recommendations. In this review, we discuss previously published and novel challenges with the ACRatio, and possible strategies to address them. These challenges include 1) formulating the ACRatio as a proportion rather than a measure of change, 2) its use of unweighted averages to measure activity loads, 3) inapplicability of the ACRatio to sports where athletes taper their activity, 4) discretization of the ACRatio prior to model selection, 5) the establishment of the model using sparse data, 6) potential bias in the ACRatio of injured athletes, 7) unmeasured confounding, and 8) application of the ACRatio to subsequent injuries.

***Paper***: ***Reward Advancement: Transforming Policy under Maximum Causal Entropy Principle***

Many real-world human behaviors can be characterized as a sequential decision making processes, such as urban travelers choices of transport modes and routes (Wu et al. 2017). Differing from choices controlled by machines, which in general follows perfect rationality to adopt the policy with the highest reward, studies have revealed that human agents make sub-optimal decisions under bounded rationality (Tao, Rohde, and Corcoran 2014). Such behaviors can be modeled using maximum causal entropy (MCE) principle (Ziebart 2010). In this paper, we define and investigate a general reward trans-formation problem (namely, reward advancement): Recovering the range of additional reward functions that transform the agent’s policy from original policy to a predefined target policy under MCE principle. We show that given an MDP and a target policy, there are infinite many additional reward functions that can achieve the desired policy transformation. Moreover, we propose an algorithm to further extract the additional rewards with minimum ‘cost’ to implement the policy transformation.

***Article***: ***The Mathematics of Epidemiology***

Why you need to understand the math in order to understand how pathogens spread.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
