---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Let’s get it right
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/07/22/lets-get-it-right-51/
date:      2019-07-22
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - ai
    - ethical
    - ethics
    - article
    - principles
---

***Article***: ***Facebook vs. EU Artificial Intelligence and Data Politics***

This article is a summary of the paper by the European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights (FRA) called Data quality and artificial intelligence – mitigating bias and error to protect fundamental rights. I then proceed to look at the recent move by Facebook in its data politics; statements made by Zuckerberg; and their recent hiring of previous Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg as head of global policy and communications. It is my wish that this makes EU policy more comprehensible and give you an overview of a few actions taken by Facebook in this regard.

***Article***: ***Towards Social Data Science***

Combining social science and data science is not a new approach, yet after several revelations (and sizeable fines) large technology companies are waking up to discover where they are situated. It seems research institutes particularly in Europe are happy to facilitate this shift. This article is (1) a broad definition of data science; (2) a rapid look at social data science; (3) a surface look at how new, in relative terms, the discipline of social data science is at this moment.

***Article***: ***AI: Almost Immortal***

Healthcare’s AI revolution is changing the way we think about age-related diseases, even aging itself We are in the midst of an epidemic. Regardless of your family history, race, or geography, there is a disease that will befall each and every one of us. You can hide in the mountains of Siberia, but the disease will still reach you because it’s not contagious. It’s followed humanity throughout time, and will continue to do so into the foreseeable future despite our recent attempts to forestall it. That disease is called aging.

***Article***: ***Collective Transparency***

As our privacy continues to be challenged by the endless pursuit of data, does collective transparency offer a solution?

***Article***: ***Why AI Must Be Ethical – And How We Make It So***

It must be said that AI is wonderful when properly implemented. It must also be said that AI is frightening when unregulated. AI trailblazers are working towards establishing AI ethics – to varying success. Some early attempts have failed, such as Google’s attempt at establishing an AI ethics board earlier this year, which was dissolved after just a week. Instead, I argue that the future of establishing ethical AI lies in collaboration. For instance, the European Commission is inviting Europeans to discuss ethical AI. In my opinion, inviting a broad range of individuals and entities to establish ethical guidelines is the best approach to handling AI ethics. Hopefully, such initiatives will start to appear in greater scale in the near future. In order to ensure AI becomes – and stays – ethical, we must achieve diversified ethical boards through broad, inclusive discussions. Because someday soon, AI will decide whether you’re a criminal. And all you can do is to hope the AI makes the right call.

***Article***: ***A Unified Framework of Five Principles for AI in Society***

Artificial Intelligence (AI) is already having a major impact on society. As a result, many organizations have launched a wide range of initiatives to establish ethical principles for the adoption of socially beneficial AI. Unfortunately, the sheer volume of proposed principles threatens to overwhelm and confuse. How might this problem of ‘principle proliferation’ be solved? In this paper, we report the results of a fine-grained analysis of several of the highest-profile sets of ethical principles for AI. We assess whether these principles converge upon a set of agreed-upon principles, or diverge, with significant disagreement over what constitutes ‘ethical AI.’ Our analysis finds a high degree of overlap among the sets of principles we analyze. We then identify an overarching framework consisting of five core principles for ethical AI. Four of them are core principles commonly used in bioethics: beneficence, non-maleficence, autonomy, and justice. On the basis of our comparative analysis, we argue that a new principle is needed in addition: explicability, understood as incorporating both the epistemological sense of intelligibility (as an answer to the question ‘how does it work?’) and in the ethical sense of accountability (as an answer to the question: ‘who is responsible for the way it works?’). In the ensuing discussion, we note the limitations and assess the implications of this ethical framework for future efforts to create laws, rules, technical standards, and best practices for ethical AI in a wide range of contexts.

***Article***: ***What Kinds of Intelligent Machines Really Make Life Better?***

Michael Jordan’s article on artificial intelligence (AI) eloquently articulates how far we are from understanding human-level intelligence, much less recreating it through AI, machine learning, and robotics. The very premise that intelligent machines doing our work will make our lives better may be flawed. Evidence from neuroscience, cognitive science, health sciences, and gerontology shows that human wellbeing and longevity, our health and wellness, fundamentally hinge on physical activity, social connectedness, and a sense of purpose. Therefore, we may need very different types of AI from those currently in development to truly improve human quality of life at the individual and societal levels.

***Article***: ***Microsoft invests in and partners with OpenAI to support us building beneficial AGI***

Microsoft is investing $1 billion in OpenAI to support us building artificial general intelligence (AGI) with widely distributed economic benefits. We’re partnering to develop a hardware and software platform within Microsoft Azure which will scale to AGI. We’ll jointly develop new Azure AI supercomputing technologies, and Microsoft will become our exclusive cloud provider – so we’ll be working hard together to further extend Microsoft Azure’s capabilities in large-scale AI systems.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
