---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Finding out why
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/07/22/finding-out-why-20/
date:      2019-07-22
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - paper
    - studies
    - causal
    - association
    - methods
---

***Paper***: ***Consistency and matching without replacement***

The paper demonstrates that the matching estimator is not generally consistent for the average treatment effect of the treated when the matching is done without replacement using propensity scores. To achieve consistency, practitioners must either assume that no unit exists with a propensity score greater than one-half or assume that there is no confounding among such units. Illustrations suggest that the result applies also to matching using other metrics as long as it is done without replacement.

***Paper***: ***Assessing Treatment Effect Variation in Observational Studies: Results from a Data Challenge***

A growing number of methods aim to assess the challenging question of treatment effect variation in observational studies. This special section of ‘Observational Studies’ reports the results of a workshop conducted at the 2018 Atlantic Causal Inference Conference designed to understand the similarities and differences across these methods. We invited eight groups of researchers to analyze a synthetic observational data set that was generated using a recent large-scale randomized trial in education. Overall, participants employed a diverse set of methods, ranging from matching and flexible outcome modeling to semiparametric estimation and ensemble approaches. While there was broad consensus on the topline estimate, there were also large differences in estimated treatment effect moderation. This highlights the fact that estimating varying treatment effects in observational studies is often more challenging than estimating the average treatment effect alone. We suggest several directions for future work arising from this workshop.

***Paper***: ***Genome-wide Causation Studies of Complex Diseases***

Despite significant progress in dissecting the genetic architecture of complex diseases by genome-wide association studies (GWAS), the signals identified by association analysis may not have specific pathological relevance to diseases so that a large fraction of disease causing genetic variants is still hidden. Association is used to measure dependence between two variables or two sets of variables. Genome-wide association studies test association between a disease and SNPs (or other genetic variants) across the genome. Association analysis may detect superficial patterns between disease and genetic variants. Association signals provide limited information on the causal mechanism of diseases. The use of association analysis as a major analytical platform for genetic studies of complex diseases is a key issue that hampers discovery of the mechanism of diseases, calling into question the ability of GWAS to identify loci underlying diseases. It is time to move beyond association analysis toward techniques enabling the discovery of the underlying causal genetic strctures of complex diseases. To achieve this, we propose a concept of a genome-wide causation studies (GWCS) as an alternative to GWAS and develop additive noise models (ANMs) for genetic causation analysis. Type I error rates and power of the ANMs to test for causation are presented. We conduct GWCS of schizophrenia. Both simulation and real data analysis show that the proportion of the overlapped association and causation signals is small. Thus, we hope that our analysis will stimulate discussion of GWAS and GWCS.

***Article***: ***Introducing the do-sampler for causal inference***

How long should an online article title be? There’s a blog here citing an old post from 2013 which shows a nice plot for average click-through rate (CTR) and title length.

***Paper***: ***Feature Selection via Mutual Information: New Theoretical Insights***

Mutual information has been successfully adopted in filter feature-selection methods to assess both the relevancy of a subset of features in predicting the target variable and the redundancy with respect to other variables. However, existing algorithms are mostly heuristic and do not offer any guarantee on the proposed solution. In this paper, we provide novel theoretical results showing that conditional mutual information naturally arises when bounding the ideal regression/classification errors achieved by different subsets of features. Leveraging on these insights, we propose a novel stopping condition for backward and forward greedy methods which ensures that the ideal prediction error using the selected feature subset remains bounded by a user-specified threshold. We provide numerical simulations to support our theoretical claims and compare to common heuristic methods.

***Paper***: ***A discriminative approach for finding and characterizing positivity violations using decision trees***

The assumption of positivity in causal inference (also known as common support and co-variate overlap) is necessary to obtain valid causal estimates. Therefore, confirming it holds in a given dataset is an important first step of any causal analysis. Most common methods to date are insufficient for discovering non-positivity, as they do not scale for modern high-dimensional covariate spaces, or they cannot pinpoint the subpopulation violating positivity. To overcome these issues, we suggest to harness decision trees for detecting violations. By dividing the covariate space into mutually exclusive regions, each with maximized homogeneity of treatment groups, decision trees can be used to automatically detect subspaces violating positivity. By augmenting the method with an additional random forest model, we can quantify the robustness of the violation within each subspace. This solution is scalable and provides an interpretable characterization of the subspaces in which violations occur. We provide a visualization of the stratification rules that define each subpopulation, combined with the severity of positivity violation within it. We also provide an interactive version of the visualization that allows a deeper dive into the properties of each subspace.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
