---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Kaggle-Titanic： Machine Learning from Disaster： Beginner
subtitle:      转载自：https://www.codementor.io/innat_2k14/kaggle-titanic-machine-learning-from-disaster-beginner-wp5xpeivj
date:      2019-07-08
author:      Mohammed Innat
tags:
    - barely remember
    - titanic movie
    - maiden
    - voyage
    - watched
---

I barely remember first when exactly I watched Titanic movie but still now Titanic remains a discussion subject in the most diverse areas.

The sinking of the RMS Titanic is one of the most infamous shipwrecks in history. It was April 15-1912 during her maiden voyage, the Titanic sank after colliding with an iceberg and killing 1502 out of 2224 passengers and crew.

In this kaggle challenge, we're asked to complete the analysis of what sorts of people were likely to survive. In particular, we're asked to apply the tools of machine learning to predict which passengers survived the tragedy.

I compared **10 popular classifiers** and evaluate the mean accuracy of each of them by a stratified kfold cross validation procedure. And finally explore top 5 following models and fine-tune each separately:

- **GB Classifier**

- **Linear Discriminant Analysis**

- **Logistic Regression**

- **Random Forest Classifer**

- **Support Vectore Machine**


Finally, We've used **voting classifier** to combine the predictions coming from the **5** classifiers. And got prediction accuracy almost **82.97%** ðŸ˜Ž

Here, **I won't explain** the whole procedure but this Notebook contains code and explanation each of the following contents in details.

- **Get Data Set**

- **Feature Analysis To Gain Insights**

- **Feature Engineering**

- **Predictive Modeling**


There're actually **a lots of stuffs** that are covered in this notebook. So, take your time if this is your very first ML projects or simply you just need some idea about how Machine Learning projects pipelines. You can also fork it if you find it useful and want to play arround more.

Happy Coding! ðŸ˜Ž
