---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Finding out why
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/07/31/finding-out-why-24/
date:      2019-07-31
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - causal
    - effects
    - effective
    - paper
    - estimating
---

***Paper***: ***On the Value of Bandit Feedback for Offline Recommender System Evaluation***

In academic literature, recommender systems are often evaluated on the task of next-item prediction. The procedure aims to give an answer to the question: ‘Given the natural sequence of user-item interactions up to time t, can we predict which item the user will interact with at time t+1?’. Evaluation results obtained through said methodology are then used as a proxy to predict which system will perform better in an online setting. The online setting, however, poses a subtly different question: ‘Given the natural sequence of user-item interactions up to time t, can we get the user to interact with a recommended item at time t+1?’. From a causal perspective, the system performs an intervention, and we want to measure its effect. Next-item prediction is often used as a fall-back objective when information about interventions and their effects (shown recommendations and whether they received a click) is unavailable. When this type of data is available, however, it can provide great value for reliably estimating online recommender system performance. Through a series of simulated experiments with the RecoGym environment, we show where traditional offline evaluation schemes fall short. Additionally, we show how so-called bandit feedback can be exploited for effective offline evaluation that more accurately reflects online performance.

***Paper***: ***von Neumann-Morgenstern and Savage Theorems for Causal Decision Making***

Decision making under uncertain conditions has been well studied when uncertainty can only be considered at the associative level of information. The classical Theorems of von Neumann-Morgenstern and Savage provide a formal criterion for rationally making choices using associative information. We provide here a previous result from Pearl and show that it can be considered as a causal version of the von Neumann-Morgenstern Theorem; furthermore, we consider the case when the true causal mechanism that controls the environment is unknown to the decision maker and propose a causal version of the Savage Theorem. As applications, we argue how previous optimal action learning methods for causal environments fit within the Causal Savage Theorem we present thus showing the utility of our result in the justification and design of learning algorithms; furthermore, we define a Causal Nash Equilibria for a strategic game in a causal environment in terms of the preferences induced by our Causal Decision Making Theorem.

***Paper***: ***Learning Task Specifications from Demonstrations via the Principle of Maximum Causal Entropy***

In many settings (e.g., robotics) demonstrations provide a natural way to specify sub-tasks; however, most methods for learning from demonstrations either do not provide guarantees that the artifacts learned for the sub-tasks can be safely composed and/or do not explicitly capture history dependencies. Motivated by this deficit, recent works have proposed specializing to task specifications, a class of Boolean non-Markovian rewards which admit well-defined composition and explicitly handle historical dependencies. This work continues this line of research by adapting maximum causal entropy inverse reinforcement learning to estimate the posteriori probability of a specification given a multi-set of demonstrations. The key algorithmic insight is to leverage the extensive literature and tooling on reduced ordered binary decision diagrams to efficiently encode a time unrolled Markov Decision Process.

***Paper***: ***Multiply Robust Learning of the Average Treatment Effect with an Invalid Instrumental Variable***

Instrumental variable (IV) methods have been widely used to identify causal effects in the presence of unmeasured confounding. A key IV identification condition known as the exclusion restriction states that the IV cannot have a direct effect on the outcome which is not mediated by the exposure in view. In the health and social sciences, such an assumption is often not credible. As a result, possible violation of the exclusion restriction can seldom be ruled out in practice. To address this concern, we consider identification conditions of the population average treatment effect (ATE) without requiring the exclusion restriction. We also propose novel semiparametric estimators in multiple observed data models targeting the ATE, and a multiply robust locally efficient estimator that is consistent in the union of these models. We illustrate the proposed methods through simulations and an econometric application evaluating the causal effect of 401(k) participation on savings.

***Paper***: ***Mitigating unobserved spatial confounding bias with mixed models***

Confounding by unmeasured spatial variables has received some attention in the spatial statistics and causal inference literatures, but concepts and approaches have remained largely separated. In this paper, we aim to bridge these distinct strands of statistics by considering unmeasured spatial confounding within a formal causal inference framework, and estimating effects using modifications of outcome regression tools popular within the spatial literature. First, we show that using spatially correlated random effects in the outcome model, an approach common among spatial statisticians, does not mitigate bias due to spatial confounding. Motivated by the bias term of commonly-used estimators, we propose an affine estimator which addresses this deficiency. We discuss how unbiased estimation of causal parameters in the presence of unmeasured spatial confounding can only be achieved under an untestable set of assumptions which will often be application-specific. We provide one set of assumptions that is sufficient for identification of the causal effect based on the observed data. These assumptions describe how the exposure and outcome of interest relate to the unmeasured variables. Estimation of the model components necessary for unbiased estimation of the causal effect proceeds using tools common in the spatial statistics literature, and specifically via a regularized restricted maximum likelihood approach employing weakly informative priors to avoid degenerate estimates. This work is motivated by and used to estimate the causal effect of county-level (a) exposure to emissions from coal-powered electricity generating units, and (b) relative humidity on particulate matter across the New England area in the United States, and to investigate the potential threat from unmeasured spatial confounders in this context.

***Paper***: ***Discovering Association with Copula Entropy***

Discovering associations is of central importance in scientific practices. Currently, most researches consider only linear association measured by correlation coefficient, which has its theoretical limitations. In this paper, we propose a new method for discovering association with copula entropy — a universal applicable association measure for not only linear cases, but nonlinear cases. The advantage of the method based on copula entropy over traditional method is demonstrated on the NHANES data by discovering more biomedical meaningful associations.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
