---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Distilled News
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/07/08/distilled-news-1127/
date:      2019-07-08
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - machine learning
    - machines
    - languages
    - models
    - researchers
---

**Markov Chain Models in Sports**

A model describes mathematically what we expect from data – in this case, from sports data. One simple type of model, called a Markov chain, finds application in the analysis of several different sports – each possessing a certain discrete nature, in sense I will soon make precise. Sports that fall into this category include tennis, baseball, and volleyball. For this blog post, I will consider tennis.

**Understanding ML Evaluation Metrics – Precision & Recall**

Touching base, quoting a ball park number, hitting it out of the park, it being a whole new ball game are all examples of the jargon that is borrowed from the world of baseball and heavily used (or misused in some cases) in the corporate world. Machine learning world similarly uses a set of terms routinely, to specify how well the models are working. The question arises – why do we need anything other than the term accuracy?

**The Best Machine Learning Research of 2019 So Far**

The uses of machine learning are expanding rapidly. Already in 2019, significant research has been done in exploring new vistas for the use of this technology. Gathered below is a list of some of the most exciting research that has been undertaken in the realm of machine learning so far this year.

**NLP: Text Part Of Speech Tagging**

Part Of Speech (PoS) is a useful technique that is used in the NLP projects. This article focuses on providing an overview of the PoS and how we can implement it in Python.

**MIT: We’re building on Julia programming language to open up AI coding to novices**

MIT, where the popular Julia language was born, has created a probabilistic-programming system called ‘Gen’, which it says will make it easier for newbies to get started with computer vision, robotics, and statistics. Gen is part of Julia, which MIT researchers debuted in 2012. Over the past year, Julia has become one of the world’s most popular languages, currently sitting in 44th place on the Tiobe programming language index, just behind official Android language Kotlin, Microsoft’s JavaScript superset TypeScript, and Mozilla-created Rust.

**Project: Population-Based Training for Machine Translation with different metaheuristic algorithms**

Building an optimal neural network (NN) model for a specific task is a complex problem with many pitfalls. Common research domains, such as image classification, caption generation, or machine translation, nowadays offer a wide selection of architectures to choose from, but their performance still heavily depends on various factors, most notably – the choice of hyperparameters. Hyperparameter tuning is one of the most time and energy consuming tasks in NN training. It usually involves many iterations of re-fitting the network and manually updating the parameters towards more promising configurations. Population-Based Training (PBT) [1] aims to solve this issue by providing a framework which trains models in parallel but shares knowledge within the population to better guide the hyperparameter search. In this project we will attempt to evaluate PBT and analyse how well it handles exploration-exploitation with a different metaheuristic.

**Important Traits To Help You Become A Better Data-Science Manager**

The following points are based on my experience leading a small team of data-scientists, however, I believe that they can benefit any future or existing manager, not only for research and data-science. These are the values of which I try to standby, they allowed me to improve, advance and successfully manage 56 projects, from small POCs to full-size projects, in the last year, with a team of 2 very talented data scientists.

**Learning Multi-Level Hierarchies with Hindsight**

We discuss a novel Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning(HRL) framework that can efficiently learn multiple levels of policies in parallel. Experiments shows, this framework, proposed by Andrew Levy et al. at ICLR 2019, can significantly accelerate learning in sparse reward problems, specifically those whose objective is to reach some goal state. Noticeably, this is the first framework that succeeds in learning 3-level hierarchies in parallel in tasks with continuous state and action space. Some experiments done by the authors even demonstrate its capability to harness 4-level hierarchies. This video shows its competence in 2- and 3-level hierarchies, and this gives a simple demonstration with 4-level agents.

**Building Intuition for Random Forests**

It is intriguing to see how simply and easily a random forest can yield extremely useful results. Random Forest is a supervised machine learning algorithm. Random Forests are essentially an ensemble of decision trees. In its simplest form a Decision tree is a sequence of choices. As far as accuracies of prediction go Decision Trees are quite inaccurate. Even one mis-step in the choice of the next node, can lead you to a completely different end. Choosing the right branch instead of the left could lead you to the furthest end of the tree. You would be off by a huge margin!

**Flask – Host Your Python Machine Learning Model On Web**

Once your machine learning model is predicting accurate results, you can expose it to the outside world. This article presents the easy-to-follow steps which we can follow to host a machine learning model to the outside world. Public can then access your work via their web browsers. It is an important step for anyone who wants to make a business out of their machine learning models.

**Predicting Hotel Cancellations with Support Vector Machines and SARIMA**

Hotel cancellations can cause issues for many businesses in the industry. Not only is there the lost revenue as a result of the customer cancelling, but this can also cause difficulty in coordinating bookings and adjusting revenue management practices. Data analytics can help to overcome this issue, in terms of identifying the customers who are most likely to cancel – allowing a hotel chain to adjust its marketing strategy accordingly. To investigate how machine learning can aid in this task, the ExtraTreesClassifer, logistic regression, and support vector machine models were employed in Python to determine whether cancellations can be accurately predicted with this model. For this example, both hotels are based in Portugal. The Algarve Hotel dataset available from Science Direct was used to train and validate the model, and then the logistic regression was used to generate predictions on a second dataset for a hotel in Lisbon.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
