---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Distilled News
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/07/18/distilled-news-1135/
date:      2019-07-17
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - learning
    - learned
    - generalizing
    - generalization
    - generality
---

**Memelearning**

In this post we’ll share how we used TensorFlow’s object detection API to build a custom image annotation service for eyeson. Below you can seen an example where Philipp is making the ‘thinking’ ?? pose during a meeting which automatically triggers a GIF reaction.

**Relational inductive biases, deep learning, and graph networks**

Artificial intelligence (AI) has undergone a renaissance recently, making major progress in key domains such as vision, language, control, and decision-making. This has been due, in part, to cheap data and cheap compute resources, which have fit the natural strengths of deep learning. However, many defining characteristics of human intelligence, which developed under much different pressures, remain out of reach for current approaches. In particular, generalizing beyond one’s experiences–a hallmark of human intelligence from infancy–remains a formidable challenge for modern AI. The following is part position paper, part review, and part unification. We argue that combinatorial generalization must be a top priority for AI to achieve human-like abilities, and that structured representations and computations are key to realizing this objective. Just as biology uses nature and nurture cooperatively, we reject the false choice between ‘hand-engineering’ and ‘end-to-end’ learning, and instead advocate for an approach which benefits from their complementary strengths. We explore how using relational inductive biases within deep learning architectures can facilitate learning about entities, relations, and rules for composing them. We present a new building block for the AI toolkit with a strong relational inductive bias–the graph network–which generalizes and extends various approaches for neural networks that operate on graphs, and provides a straightforward interface for manipulating structured knowledge and producing structured behaviors. We discuss how graph networks can support relational reasoning and combinatorial generalization, laying the foundation for more sophisticated, interpretable, and flexible patterns of reasoning. As a companion to this paper, we have released an open-source software library for building graph networks, with demonstrations of how to use them in practice.

**Top 30 Python Libraries for Machine Learning**

Today, Python is one of the most popular programming languages and it has replaced many languages in the industry. There are various reasons for its popularity and one of them is that python has a large collection of libraries.

**Beginner’s Guide to Machine Learning with Python**

Machine Learning, a prominent topic in Artificial Intelligence domain, has been in the spotlight for quite some time now. This area may offer an attractive opportunity, and starting a career in it is not as difficult as it may seem at first glance. Even if you have zero-experience in math or programming, it is not a problem. The most important element of your success is purely your own interest and motivation to learn all those things. If you are a newcomer, you do not know where to start studying and why you need Machine Learning and why it is gaining more and more popularity lately, you got into the right place! I’ve gathered all the needed information and useful resources to help you gain new knowledge and accomplish your first projects.

**The What, Why and How of Bias-Variance Trade-off**

Building an effective Machine Learning model is all about striking the right balance between Bias (Underfitting) and Variance (Overfitting) but what are Bias and Variance ? What Bias and Variance mean intuitively ? Let’s take a step back and understand the terms Bias and Variance on a conceptual level and then try to relate these concepts to Machine Learning.

**Basics of Reinforcement Learning, the Easy Way**

Reinforcement Learning (RL) is the problem of studying an agent in an environment, the agent has to interact with the environment in order to maximize some cumulative rewards. Example of RL is an agent in a labyrinth trying to find its way out. The fastest it can find the exit, the better reward it will get.

**R 3.6.1 is now available**

On July 5, the R Core Group released the source code for the latest update to R, R 3.6.1, and binaries are now available to download for Windows, Linux and Mac from your local CRAN mirror.

**Regulation of Artificial Intelligence in Selected Jurisdictions**

This report examines the emerging regulatory and policy landscape surrounding artificial intelligence (AI) in jurisdictions around the world and in the European Union (EU). In addition, a survey of international organizations describes the approach that United Nations (UN) agencies and regional organizations have taken towards AI. As the regulation of AI is still in its infancy, guidelines, ethics codes, and actions by and statements from governments and their agencies on AI are also addressed. While the country surveys look at various legal issues, including data protection and privacy, transparency, human oversight, surveillance, public administration and services, autonomous vehicles, and lethal autonomous weapons systems, the most advanced regulations were found in the area of autonomous vehicles, in particular for the testing of such vehicles.

**9 Lessons learned from failed AI PoCs**

After several AI PoCs, I realized that it is quite easy to launch AI PoCs with initially positive results, but at the same time, it is difficult to scale up AI to enterprise-wide applications and reach the production stage. In this article, I’ll share some of the reasons why I failed in a couple of projects.1. Data2. Compliance3. Realistic Expectations4. Scalability5. Size and nature of your PoC6. Implementation process7. AI Accuracy / Available Data8. PoC Evaluation9. Time Window

**Summarizing popular Text-to-Image Synthesis methods with Python**

Automatic synthesis of realistic images from text have become popular with deep convolutional and recurrent neural network architectures to aid in learning discriminative text feature representations. Discriminative power and strong generalization properties of attribute representations even though attractive, its a complex process and requires domain-specific knowledge. In comparison, natural language offers a general and flexible interface for describing objects in any space of visual categories. The best thing is to combine generality of text descriptions with the discriminative power of attributes. This blog addresses different text to image synthesis algorithms using GAN (Generative Adversarial Network) thats aims to directly map words and characters to image pixels with natural language representation and image synthesis techniques.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
