---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      groupdata2 version 1.1.0 released on CRAN
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/_eqyVmUe9pY/
date:      2019-07-04
author:      Ludvig Olsen
tags:
    - groupdata
    - version
    - functions
    - functionality
    - balance function
---



(This article was first published on ** R**, and kindly contributed to R-bloggers)



A few days ago, I released a new version of my R package, groupdata2, on CRAN. groupdata2 contains a set of functions for grouping data, such as creating balanced partitions and folds for cross-validation.

Version 1.1.0 adds the **balance()** function for using up- and downsampling to balance the categories (e.g. classes) in your dataset. The main difference between existing up-/downsampling tools and **balance()** is that it has methods for dealing with IDs. If, for instance, our dataset contains a number of participants with multiple measurements (rows) each, we might want to either keep all the rows of a participant or delete all of them, e.g. if we are measuring the effect of time and need all the timesteps for a meaningful analysis. **balance()** currently has four methods for dealing with IDs. As it is a new function, I’m very open to ideas for improvements and additional functionality. Feel free to open an issue on github or send me a mail at *r-pkgs at ludvigolsen.dk*

**partition()** and **fold()** can now balance the groups (partitions/folds) by a numerical column. In short, the rows are ordered as smallest, largest, second smallest, second largest, etc. (I refer to this as *extreme pairing* in the documentation), and grouped as pairs. This seems to work pretty well, especially with larger datasets.

**fold()** can now create multiple *unique* fold columns at once, e.g. for repeated cross-validation with cvms. As ensuring the uniqueness of the fold columns can take a while, I’ve added the option to run the column comparisons in parallel. You need to register a parallel backend first (E.g. with **doParallel::registerDoParallel**).

The new helper function **differs_from_previous()** finds values, or indices of values, that differ from the previous value by some threshold(s). It is related to the “l_starts” method in **group()**.

groupdata2 can be installed with:

CRAN:`install.packages("groupdata2")`Development version:`devtools::install_github("ludvigolsen/groupdata2")`

Indlægget groupdata2 version 1.1.0 released on CRAN blev først udgivet på .


*Related*







---
