---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Distilled News
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/07/05/distilled-news-1123/
date:      2019-07-05
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - annoying
    - data
    - boost faculty productivity
    - actually automate
    - beautifully automated
---

**The Annoying State of Lambda Observability**

Unless you’re willing to buy entirely into AWS CloudWatch or X-Ray for all of your serverless observability needs, the process of integrating observability systems to AWS Lambda is a frustrating endeavor. Gathering events from applications in the dark, legacy, ‘serverful’ world was a straightforward task – simply embed an agent process onto each server in your infrastructure to batch up system metrics and application events (‘telemetry’) before asynchronously delivering them to your metrics/logs/event provider of choice.

**AI is changing the entire nature of compute**

Machine learning, especially deep learning, is forcing a re-evaluation of how chips and systems are designed that will change the direction of the industry for decades to come.

**NLP: Text Processing Via Stemming And Lemmatisation In Data Science Projects**

Reducing the number of common words into a single word is a useful text analytics technique. This article aims to explain the two key techniques known as Stemming and Lemmatisation. These techniques are widely used in the SEO, tagging, search engines and indexing systems. Data science projects can take advantage of these techniques in the text analytics projects.

**Future of AI: Reinforcement Learning corrects for Deep Learning’s blind spots**

Deep Learning, the staple of Artificial Intelligence, was supposed to create a brave new world where robots replace humans with flawless performance. The Uber autonomous car that killed a female biker in Arizona put a brake on those dreams for now. Reinforcement Learning which minimizes errors by learning in real-time is the new frontier of artificial intelligence expected to correct for the shortcomings of Deep Learning.

**Anomaly Detection – Another Challenge for Artificial Intelligence**

It is true that the Industrial Internet of Things will change the world someday. So far, it is the abundance of data that makes the world spin faster. Piled in sometimes unmanageable datasets, big data turned from the Holy Grail into a problem pushing businesses and organizations to make faster decisions in real-time. One way to process data faster and more efficiently is to detect abnormal events, changes or shifts in datasets. Thus, anomaly detection, a technology that relies on Artificial Intelligence to identify abnormal behavior within the pool of collected data, has become one of the main objectives of the Industrial IoT . Anomaly detection refers to identification of items or events that do not conform to an expected pattern or to other items in a dataset that are usually undetectable by a human expert. Such anomalies can usually be translated into problems such as structural defects, errors or frauds.

**How Data Science is Playing a Big Role in Higher Education?**

Data science is a growing and promising discipline that has impacted various domains, including higher education. Owing to its ability to use precise methods and platforms to extract insights from data, several academic institutions are incorporating data science into their operations and educational curriculum. This helps them engage students, improve educational outcomes and placement records, and boost faculty productivity and research opportunities. Data science and advanced analytics are transforming higher education in more ways than one. Read on to know how!

**Setting Up Automatic Alerts About Your AWS Lambda Data Pipeline**

It’s easy to start collecting data with AWS Lambda – you can actually automate a data pipeline in just a few minutes. But then what happens? Ideally your code just works, but we all know eventually some type of error will occur, and because your data pipeline is beautifully automated it can be easy to miss it. Enter CloudWatch and its alarms! Let’s go over how we can be as lazy as possible and just be told when something goes awry vs. having to check it regularly.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
