---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Whats new on arXiv
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/07/07/whats-new-on-arxiv-1039/
date:      2019-07-07
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - learning
    - learns
    - learned
    - tasks
    - clusterings
---

**Multi-Label Product Categorization Using Multi-Modal Fusion Models**

In this study, we investigated multi-modal approaches using images, descriptions, and title to categorize e-commerce products on Amazon.com. Specifically, we examined late fusion models, where the modalities are fused at the decision level. Products were each assigned multiple labels, and the hierarchy in the labels were flattened and filtered. For our individual baseline models, we modified a CNN architecture to classify the description and title, and then modified Keras’ ResNet-50 to classify the images, achieving F1 scores of 77.0%, 82.7%, and 61.0%, respectively. In comparison, our tri-modal late fusion model can classify products more accurately than single modal models can, improving the F1 score to 88.2%. Each modality complemented the shortcomings of the other modalities, demonstrating that increasing the number of modalities can be an effective method for improving the accuracy of multi-label classification problems.

**Self-Supervised Dialogue Learning**

The sequential order of utterances is often meaningful in coherent dialogues, and the order changes of utterances could lead to low-quality and incoherent conversations. We consider the order information as a crucial supervised signal for dialogue learning, which, however, has been neglected by many previous dialogue systems. Therefore, in this paper, we introduce a self-supervised learning task, inconsistent order detection, to explicitly capture the flow of conversation in dialogues. Given a sampled utterance pair triple, the task is to predict whether it is ordered or misordered. Then we propose a sampling-based self-supervised network SSN to perform the prediction with sampled triple references from previous dialogue history. Furthermore, we design a joint learning framework where SSN can guide the dialogue systems towards more coherent and relevant dialogue learning through adversarial training. We demonstrate that the proposed methods can be applied to both open-domain and task-oriented dialogue scenarios, and achieve the new state-of-the-art performance on the OpenSubtitiles and Movie-Ticket Booking datasets.

**Multiplicative Models for Recurrent Language Modeling**

Recently, there has been interest in multiplicative recurrent neural networks for language modeling. Indeed, simple Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) encounter difficulties recovering from past mistakes when generating sequences due to high correlation between hidden states. These challenges can be mitigated by integrating second-order terms in the hidden-state update. One such model, multiplicative Long Short-Term Memory (mLSTM) is particularly interesting in its original formulation because of the sharing of its second-order term, referred to as the intermediate state. We explore these architectural improvements by introducing new models and testing them on character-level language modeling tasks. This allows us to establish the relevance of shared parametrization in recurrent language modeling.

**Merge and Label: A novel neural network architecture for nested NER**

Named entity recognition (NER) is one of the best studied tasks in natural language processing. However, most approaches are not capable of handling nested structures which are common in many applications. In this paper we introduce a novel neural network architecture that first merges tokens and/or entities into entities forming nested structures, and then labels each of them independently. Unlike previous work, our merge and label approach predicts real-valued instead of discrete segmentation structures, which allow it to combine word and nested entity embeddings while maintaining differentiability. %which smoothly groups entities into single vectors across multiple levels. We evaluate our approach using the ACE 2005 Corpus, where it achieves state-of-the-art F1 of 74.6, further improved with contextual embeddings (BERT) to 82.4, an overall improvement of close to 8 F1 points over previous approaches trained on the same data. Additionally we compare it against BiLSTM-CRFs, the dominant approach for flat NER structures, demonstrating that its ability to predict nested structures does not impact performance in simpler cases.

**Mincut pooling in Graph Neural Networks**

The advance of node pooling operations in a Graph Neural Network (GNN) has lagged behind the feverish design of new graph convolution techniques, and pooling remains an important and challenging endeavor for the design of deep architectures. In this paper, we propose a pooling operation for GNNs that implements a differentiable unsupervised loss based on the mincut optimization objective. First, we validate the effectiveness of the proposed loss function by clustering nodes in citation networks and through visualization examples, such as image segmentation. Then, we show how the proposed pooling layer can be used to build a deep GNN architecture for graph classification.

**Learning to Link**

Clustering is an important part of many modern data analysis pipelines, including network analysis and data retrieval. There are many different clustering algorithms developed by various communities, and it is often not clear which algorithm will give the best performance on a specific clustering task. Similarly, we often have multiple ways to measure distances between data points, and the best clustering performance might require a non-trivial combination of those metrics. In this work, we study data-driven algorithm selection and metric learning for clustering problems, where the goal is to simultaneously learn the best algorithm and metric for a specific application. The family of clustering algorithms we consider is parameterized linkage based procedures that includes single and complete linkage. The family of distance functions we learn over are convex combinations of base distance functions. We design efficient learning algorithms which receive samples from an application-specific distribution over clustering instances and simultaneously learn both a near-optimal distance and clustering algorithm from these classes. We also carry out a comprehensive empirical evaluation of our techniques showing that they can lead to significantly improved clustering performance.

**Unsupervised Adversarial Graph Alignment with Graph Embedding**

Graph alignment, also known as network alignment, is a fundamental task in social network analysis. Many recent works have relied on partially labeled cross-graph node correspondences, i.e., anchor links. However, due to the privacy and security issue, the manual labeling of anchor links for diverse scenarios may be prohibitive. Aligning two graphs without any anchor links is a crucial and challenging task. In this paper, we propose an Unsupervised Adversarial Graph Alignment (UAGA) framework to learn a cross-graph alignment between two embedding spaces of different graphs in a fully unsupervised fashion (\emph{i.e.,} no existing anchor links and no users’ personal profile or attribute information is available). The proposed framework learns the embedding spaces of each graph, and then attempts to align the two spaces via adversarial training, followed by a refinement procedure. We further extend our UAGA method to incremental UAGA (iUAGA) that iteratively reveals the unobserved user links based on the pseudo anchor links. This can be used to further improve both the embedding quality and the alignment accuracy. Moreover, the proposed methods will benefit some real-world applications, \emph{e.g.,} link prediction in social networks. Comprehensive experiments on real-world data demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed approaches UAGA and iUAGA for unsupervised graph alignment.

**On Symmetry and Initialization for Neural Networks**

This work provides an additional step in the theoretical understanding of neural networks. We consider neural networks with one hidden layer and show that when learning symmetric functions, one can choose initial conditions so that standard SGD training efficiently produces generalization guarantees. We empirically verify this and show that this does not hold when the initial conditions are chosen at random. The proof of convergence investigates the interaction between the two layers of the network. Our results highlight the importance of using symmetry in the design of neural networks.

**A Review-Driven Neural Model for Sequential Recommendation**

Writing review for a purchased item is a unique channel to express a user’s opinion in E-Commerce. Recently, many deep learning based solutions have been proposed by exploiting user reviews for rating prediction. In contrast, there has been few attempt to enlist the semantic signals covered by user reviews for the task of collaborative filtering. In this paper, we propose a novel review-driven neural sequential recommendation model (named RNS) by considering users’ intrinsic preference (long-term) and sequential patterns (short-term). In detail, RNS is devised to encode each user or item with the aspect-aware representations extracted from the reviews. Given a sequence of historical purchased items for a user, we devise a novel hierarchical attention over attention mechanism to capture sequential patterns at both union-level and individual-level. Extensive experiments on three real-world datasets of different domains demonstrate that RNS obtains significant performance improvement over uptodate state-of-the-art sequential recommendation models.

**Using Database Rule for Weak Supervised Text-to-SQL Generation**

We present a simple and novel way to do the task of text-to-SQL problem with weak supervision. We call it Rule-SQL. Given the question and the answer from the database table without the SQL logic form, Rule-SQL use the database rules for the SQL exploration first and then use the explored SQL for supervised training. We design several rules for reducing the exploration search space. For the deep model, we leverage BERT for the representation layer and separate the model to SELECT, AGG and WHERE parts. The experiment result on WikiSQL outperforms the strong baseline of full supervision and is comparable to the start-of-the-art weak supervised mothods.

**Two-stage Optimization for Machine Learning Workflow**

Machines learning techniques plays a preponderant role in dealing with massive amount of data and are employed in almost every possible domain. Building a high quality machine learning model to be deployed in production is a challenging task, from both, the subject matter experts and the machine learning practitioners. For a broader adoption and scalability of machine learning systems, the construction and configuration of machine learning workflow need to gain in automation. In the last few years, several techniques have been developed in this direction, known as autoML. In this paper, we present a two-stage optimization process to build data pipelines and configure machine learning algorithms. First, we study the impact of data pipelines compared to algorithm configuration in order to show the importance of data preprocessing over hyperparameter tuning. The second part presents policies to efficiently allocate search time between data pipeline construction and algorithm configuration. Those policies are agnostic from the metaoptimizer. Last, we present a metric to determine if a data pipeline is specific or independent from the algorithm, enabling fine-grain pipeline pruning and meta-learning for the coldstart problem.

**The SpectACl of Nonconvex Clustering: A Spectral Approach to Density-Based Clustering**

When it comes to clustering nonconvex shapes, two paradigms are used to find the most suitable clustering: minimum cut and maximum density. The most popular algorithms incorporating these paradigms are Spectral Clustering and DBSCAN. Both paradigms have their pros and cons. While minimum cut clusterings are sensitive to noise, density-based clusterings have trouble handling clusters with varying densities. In this paper, we propose \textsc{SpectACl}: a method combining the advantages of both approaches, while solving the two mentioned drawbacks. Our method is easy to implement, such as spectral clustering, and theoretically founded to optimize a proposed density criterion of clusterings. Through experiments on synthetic and real-world data, we demonstrate that our approach provides robust and reliable clusterings.

**State-of-the-art in selection of variables and functional forms in multivariable analysis — outstanding issues**

How to select variables and identify functional forms for continuous variables is a key concern when creating a multivariable model. Ad hoc ‘traditional’ approaches to variable selection have been in use for at least 50 years. Similarly, methods for determining functional forms for continuous variables were first suggested many years ago. More recently, many alternative approaches to address these two challenges have been proposed, but knowledge of their properties and meaningful comparisons between them are scarce. To define a state-of-the-art and to provide evidence-supported guidance to researchers who have only a basic level of statistical knowledge many outstanding issues in multivariable modelling remain. Our main aims are to identify and illustrate such gaps in the literature and present them at a moderate technical level to the wide community of practitioners, researchers and students of statistics. We briefly discuss general issues in building descriptive regression models, strategies for variable selection, different ways of choosing functional forms for continuous variables, and methods for combining the selection of variables and functions. We discuss two examples, taken from the medical literature, to illustrate problems in the practice of modelling. Our overview revealed that there is not yet enough evidence on which to base recommendations for the selection of variables and functional forms in multivariable analysis. Such evidence may come from comparisons between alternative methods. In particular, we highlight seven important topics that require further investigation and make suggestions for the direction of further research.

**Understanding Memory Modules on Learning Simple Algorithms**

Recent work has shown that memory modules are crucial for the generalization ability of neural networks on learning simple algorithms. However, we still have little understanding of the working mechanism of memory modules. To alleviate this problem, we apply a two-step analysis pipeline consisting of first inferring hypothesis about what strategy the model has learned according to visualization and then verify it by a novel proposed qualitative analysis method based on dimension reduction. Using this method, we have analyzed two popular memory-augmented neural networks, neural Turing machine and stack-augmented neural network on two simple algorithm tasks including reversing a random sequence and evaluation of arithmetic expressions. Results have shown that on the former task both models can learn to generalize and on the latter task only the stack-augmented model can do so. We show that different strategies are learned by the models, in which specific categories of input are monitored and different policies are made based on that to change the memory.

**Following wrong suggestions: self-blame in human and computer scenarios**

This paper investigates the specific experience of following a suggestion by an intelligent machine that has a wrong outcome and the emotions people feel. By adopting a typical task employed in studies on decision-making, we presented participants with two scenarios in which they follow a suggestion and have a wrong outcome by either an expert human being or an intelligent machine. We found a significant decrease in the perceived responsibility on the wrong choice when the machine offers the suggestion. At present, few studies have investigated the negative emotions that could arise from a bad outcome after following the suggestion given by an intelligent system, and how to cope with the potential distrust that could affect the long-term use of the system and the cooperation. This preliminary research has implications in the study of cooperation and decision making with intelligent machines. Further research may address how to offer the suggestion in order to better cope with user’s self-blame.

**On mechanisms for transfer using landmark value functions in multi-task lifelong reinforcement learning**

Transfer learning across different reinforcement learning (RL) tasks is becoming an increasingly valuable area of research. We consider a goal-based multi-task RL framework and mechanisms by which previously solved tasks can reduce sample complexity and regret when the agent is faced with a new task. Specifically, we introduce two metrics on the state space that encode notions of traversibility of the state space for an agent. Using these metrics a topological covering is constructed by way of a set of landmark states in a fully self-supervised manner. We show that these landmark coverings confer theoretical advantages for transfer learning within the goal-based multi-task RL setting. Specifically, we demonstrate three mechanisms by which landmark coverings can be used for successful transfer learning. First, we extend the Landmark Options Via Reflection (LOVR) framework to this new topological covering; second, we use the landmark-centric value functions themselves as features and define a greedy zombie policy that achieves near oracle performance on a sequence of zero-shot transfer tasks; finally, motivated by the second transfer mechanism, we introduce a learned reward function that provides a more dense reward signal for goal-based RL. Our novel topological landmark covering confers beneficial theoretical results, bounding the Q values at each state-action pair. In doing so, we introduce a mechanism that performs action-pruning at infeasible actions which cannot possibly be part of an optimal policy for the current goal.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
