---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Adding Syntax Highlight
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/vCv88BR4ZpM/
date:      2019-07-20
author:      R on notast
tags:
    - themes
    - highlighting
    - highlighter
    - highlighted
    - mainroad theme
---









There are many themes which do not have in built highlighting functions including the Mainroad theme which I’m using. There are two approaches to add syntax highlighting for these `Hugo` themes.

## `blogdown` textbook approach

1. In the book, Xie, Thomas and Hill recommends adding


```

to `head_custom.html` file. For the Mainroad theme, I added the script to the bottom of `head.html` file. You can change the colour theme by replacing the `github` theme to your desired theme.

- Next, they require you to add





```

to `foot_custom.html`. For the Mainroad theme, I added the script to the bottom of `footer.html` file.

## Amber Thomas’s approach


Download `Highlight.js` for `R`.


From the file you downloaded, copy `highlight.pack.js` file and paste into the `js` folder for your `Hugo` theme. For Mainroad theme, I accessed it via `themes-> Mainroad-> static-> js`.


From the file you downloaded, go to the `style` subfolder and copy the `css` file of your desired syntax colour theme and paste into the `css` folder for your Hugo theme. For Mainroad theme, I found it via `themes-> Mainroad -> static -> css`.

1. Add this


```



```

to the `header.html` file. For Mainroad theme, I discovered the file via `themes-> Mainroad-> layouts -> partials`. You can change the `github-gist` theme to your selected theme. As the Hugo Mainroad theme displays code chunks in a faint shade of grey, I chose `routeros` highlighter as it has a similar light grey as its background which complements the Hugo Mainroad theme.

Apart from visually see the changes on your site, you can go geek mode and verify that the highlighted syntax is based on your selected `Highlight.js` theme.If you are using, Microsoft Edge select a paragraph of plain text and click on the right hand mouse and select “Inspect element”. You will see two boxes. Examine the box which has `style` as one of the sub-tab. From that sub-tab, you will noticed that the css style is `css.style`. Now do the same for a chuck of R script, you will realize that the css style is the name of the `Highlight.js` theme. For this blog, it is `routeros.css`.


*Related*







---
