---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      8 Data Science Conferences to Attend in 2020
subtitle:      转载自：https://blog.datasciencedojo.com/data-science-conferences-2020/
date:      2019-07-22
author:      Nathan Piccini
tags:
    - conferences
    - speakers
    - dates
    - locations
    - tba
---

If you're one of those people that's still living in 2019, take a look at my post 7 Data Science Conferences to Attend in 2019. 

If you're like me, and already thinking about what'll be happening in 2020, here's a list of 8 data science conferences to attend. I've tried to make them different than the list I made for 2019, as most conferences tend to occur every year, but some are too good to pass up.

### 1) The Data Science Conference

This conference is metioned first because it is completely vendor, sponsor, and recruiter free. It's the conference without distractions. There's no selling, only learning. 

Going into the second-half of its fourth year, 2019's conference was held in Boston, and the conference moves locations from year to year, although, from their records, you can almost expect it to take place in Chicago at least once every year. 2019's speakers list included data bahemiths, such as Google, Microsoft, and Facebook, while also mixing in speakers from the University of Chicago and USC. This fits right along with the rave reviews it received from attendees, saying the conference is for professionals, by professionals. 

**Dates:** May 14-15, 2020**Location:** Chicago, IL**Venue:** Gleacher Center

### 2) useR! 2020

useR! 2019 took place a few weeks ago in Toulouse, France. So it's understandable that I wasn't able to find any information about the 2020 conference. 

Having said that, useR! has been taking place every year since it began in 2004. Conferences have occured in both Europe and the United States. The most recent conference had an impressive list of keynote speakers, ranging from the CTO of RStudio to a Marine Data Scientist at NCEAS. If you're interested in all things R, you should definitely check out this conference, wherever it will be. 

**Dates:** TBA**Location:** TBA**Venue:** TBA

### 3) Women in Analytics Conference 

The Women in Analytics Conference has a mission to "provide visibility to the women making an impact in the analytics space and provide a platform for them to lead the conversations around the advancements of analytical research, developement, and application". 

The 2020 speaker list for this conference hasn't been released yet, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't get excited about it. Going into it's fourth year, you'll be able to learn about some of the hottest trends in analytics as well as network with students and working professionals. 

**Dates:** June 3-5, 2020**Location:** Columbus, Ohio**Venue:** Greater Columbus Convention Center & Hyatt Regency Columbus

### 4) Deep Learning in Finance Summit

Specific to the financial sector, the Deep Learning in Finance Summit is out to show you the emerging trends of deep learning in Finance. You'll hear talks from a variety of speakers. Previous speakers came from companies like Visa, Google Cloud, and Deutsche Bank, as well as from universities including Kings College London and University of Oxford. 

**Dates:** March 19-20, 2020**Location:** London, UK**Venue:** TBA

### 5) AI in Marketing Summit

Because I'm a Marketing Manager, I'm going to be a little biased towards this one. Put on by Re-Work, the AI in Marketing Summit is all about "the latest AI advancements and how to leverage methods to improve advertising and marketing". Last years list of speakers included people from Amazon, Vodafone, and Google Assistant. It's hard not to get excited about the future AI has in Marketing, especially with personal assistants and consumer tracking. #reworkAI

**Dates:** September 24-25, 2020**Location:** London, UK**Venue:** TBA

### 6) Think 2020

Hosted by IBM, Think 2020 is the premier conference for all things AI and computer science, especially if you're interested in everything IBM is doing. You will have the opportunity to network with experts and industry leaders, while listening to talks from some of the worlds most influential people in tech. At Think 2019, Joe Montana, Tony Hawk, and Tiffany Pham all gave talks that I would have loved to participate in. Out of all the conferences on this list, I believe Think 2020 will have the most interesting speaker list. 

**Dates:** May 4-7, 2020**Location:** San Francisco**Venue:** TBA

### 7) SIGKDD 2020

SIGKDD 2020 is a conference on knowledge discovery and data mining. It's one of the premier conferences "bringing together researchers and practitioners" from interdisciplinary backgrounds. Last year, in Achorage, Alaska, there were two keynote speakers: Peter Lee of Microsoft Research and Cynthia Rudin from Duke University. This conference is focused more on discussion and workshops, as it's main focus is to bring together data scientists to "discuss, address and advance the application of data science" for the betterment of society. 

*The final dates have yet to be announced.* 

**Dates:** August, 2020**Location:** San Diego, California**Venue:** TBA

### 8) AnalytiX - 2020

Alright, I'm not just putting AnalytiX here because I fell in love with Kyoto when I visited back in 2016. It's because of their long list of confirmed speakers who are university professors. These professor's aren't all from the same country. Russia, China, Japan, and The Netherlands are only four of a diverse list. If you're in Asia, make sure to give this conference a good look before traveling somewhere else. 

**Dates:** March 5-7, 2020**Location:** Kyoto, Japan**Venue:** Kyoto International Conference Center (ICC Kyoto)
