---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Distilled News
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/07/04/distilled-news-1121/
date:      2019-07-03
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - clustering
    - clusters
    - models
    - learning
    - data
---

**what journalists need to know about artificial intelligence**

A journalist recently asked me to comment on the feasibility of a conspiracy theory involving one of Facebook’s AI algorithms. He wanted to know whether it was likely, or even possible, that Facebook was using its existing algorithm for suicide video detection to screen and censor conservative media sources. To answer the question meaningfully, I found I needed to spend an hour educating this journalist about AI in general, just to give him enough background information to understand my assessment of the conspiracy theory. In doing so I equipped him to deal with future AI-related investigations, which he and his colleagues will most certainly encounter with increasing frequency in the future as AI expands its interaction with our daily lives. From the encounter described above, I realized that journalists will soon face a growing need to explain and editorialize about AI-related social concerns of all types. I concluded that most journalists are currently ill-equipped for the task. To remedy the situation, I composed this primer to assist journalists’ acquisition of sufficient knowledge about the subject to assist them at what they do best: Guiding the public discourse regarding pertinent issues of the day.

**Machine Learning Algorithms: Mean Shift Clustering Example In Python**

Mean Shift is a hierarchical clustering algorithm. In contrast to supervised machine learning algorithms, clustering attempts to group data without having first been train on labeled data. Clustering is used in a wide variety of applications such as search engines, academic rankings and medicine. As opposed to K-Means, when using Mean Shift, you don’t need to know the number of categories (clusters) beforehand. The downside to Mean Shift is that it is computationally expensive – O(n²).

**Introducing TensorWatch: Microsoft Research New Tool for Debugging Deep Learning Programs**

Debugging is one of the most difficult aspects in the lifecycle of deep learning problems. The recent advancements in deep learning frameworks have lowered the entry point for creating really sophisticated models that are both effective and hard to interpret at the same time. Very often, researchers need to understand why the metrics of a specific model are trending in certain direction and they rely on relatively subjective techniques to do so. Additionally, the ecosystem of debugging and visualization tools hasn’t evolved at the same speed of the development stacks so very often engineers end up creating models that are next to impossible to debug. Recently, Microsoft Research open sourced TensorWatch, a new tools that takes a new approach to solve the debugging and visualization of deep learning programs.

**Breaking Down the Black Box**

I remember sitting back after finishing my first Kaggle competition on machine learning, marveling at what essentially boiled down to chunks of unintelligible linear algebra and a few statistics describing how nicely the output aligned to our expectations. I thought I knew what it was doing- I could explain how the janky neural network operated (well, at least in theory), or go through the TensorFlow documentation and at least recognize most of the parameters and its role in the process. But if you’d asked me why in the world it had made the predictions it did, I couldn’t have been bothered to give more than a careless shrug. The model works, so what does it matter anyway?

**The Road to Artificial General Intelligence**

This final chapter addresses how Artificial Intelligence systems might evolve into Artificial General Intelligence, using the past as an indicator of the future. It explains the difference between knowing that versus knowing how. And given that the brain is a good indicator of how these systems evolve, we know that for the animal kingdom there is a high correlation of intelligence to the number of pallial and cortical neurons. The same has been true for Deep Learning. The higher the number of neurons, the more performant a multilayer neural network is. While a few orders of magnitude exist from how many neurons the human brain has, we are marching toward it. At which point, we will hit Singularity, a time where artificial intelligence might be hard to control.

**Model evaluation techniques in one picture**

The sheer number of model evaluation techniques available to asses how good your model is can be completely overwhelming. As well as the oft-used confidence intervals, confusion matrix and cross validation, there are dozens more that you could use for specific situations, including McNemar’s test, Cochran’s Q, Multiple Hypothesis testing and many more. This one picture whittles down that list to a dozen or so of the most popular. You’ll find links to articles explaining the specific tests and procedures below the image.

**Testing traditional Software vs. ML application – how to explain it to a non technical common man**

With the increasing popularity of Machine learning today, it is important to focus the testing aspect of ML application. Testing of any ML application will not be same as testing traditional software. It has become a debatable topic. Many literature categorised ML application as non-testable. However, many are now trying to make it testable and coming up many innovative approaches. All are very much technical and normal users without technical knowledge find difficulties. Therefore, here I have tried to explain the difference of testing traditional software and ML application in a simple terminology without going into any technical term.

**Text Parsing and Text Analysis of a Periodic Report (with R)**

Those of you non-academia folk who work in industry (like me) are probably conscious of any/all periodic reports that an independent entity publishes for your company’s industry. For example, in the insurance industry in the United States, the Federal Insurance Office of the U.S. Department of the Treasury publishes several reports on an annual basis discussing the industry at large, like this past year’s Annual Report on the Insurance Industry. (Admittedly, these kinds of reports are not always the most interesting things to read ??, but they are (usually) very informative.)

**End to End Model of Data Analysis & Prediction Using Python on SAP HANA Table Data**

This blog helps to connect with SAP HANA DB (Version 1.0 SPS12) then extract the data from HANA table/View and analyze the data using the Python Pandas library. Then you can clean and select independent variables/features data to feed the Machine learning algorithms to predict dependent variables or find insights.

**Parallel R: Socket or Fork**

In the R parallel package, there are two implementations of parallelism, e.g. fork and socket, with pros and cons. For the fork, each parallel thread is a complete duplication of the master process with the shared environment, including objects or variables defined prior to the kickoff of parallel threads. Therefore, it runs fast. However, the major limitation is that the fork doesn’t work on the Windows system.

**A Unified Model for Text Mining**

Natural Language Processing is an emerging field in the sphere of Artificial Intelligence and research has demonstrated that computers can complete tasks thought to be solely possible by humans. Major evolution in subtasks of linguistic processors and machine learning algorithms provide all the pieces needed for computers to process and analyze large amounts of natural language data. In my debut portfolio app TextMatrix, I created a unified model by converging subtask models to solve a larger task – Information retrieval from documents, capable of performing well across multiple domains.

**Semantic similarity classifier and clustering sentences based on semantic similarity.**

Recently we have been doing some experiments to cluster semantically similar messages, by leveraging pre-trained models so we can get something off the ground using no labelled data. Task here is given a list of sentences we cluster them such that semantically similar sentences are in same cluster and number of clusters is not predetermined.

**Machine Learning Clustering: DBSCAN Determine The Optimal Value For Epsilon (EPS) Python Example**

Density-Based Spatial Clustering of Applications with Noise, or DBSCAN for short, is an unsupervised machine learning algorithm. Unsupervised machine learning algorithms are used to classify unlabeled data. In other words, the samples used to train our model do not come with predefined categories. In comparison to other clustering algorithms, DBSCAN is particularly well suited for problems which require:• Minimal domain knowledge to determine the input parameters (i.e. K in k-means and Dmin in hierarchical clustering)• Discovery of clusters with arbitrary shapes• Good efficiency on large databasesIf you’re interested in reading up on DBSCAN, the original paper can be found here.

**Feature Elimination Using SVM Weights**

Specifically for SVMLight, but this feature elimination methodology can be used for any linear SVM.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
