---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Distilled News
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/07/15/distilled-news-1132/
date:      2019-07-15
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - data
    - learning
    - math
    - algorithms
    - devops
---

**Easy DevOps for Data Science with Saturn Cloud Notebooks**

Data Science can be a fun thing to do! Really most of what we’re doing is poking at data while trying to extract its hidden information. It’s like we’re exploring through an unknown jungle looking for treasure! But it’s not always fun and games. Behind the scenes, there’s a lot that goes into setting up the actually platform that Data Scientists use for their work. Creating servers, installing the necessary software and environments, setting up security protocols, and the like. Getting all of those things done usually requires a dedicated DevOps engineer. Someone who knows the ins and outs of cloud services, operating systems, networking, and at least a bit of knowledge of the Data Science and Machine Learning software that’ll be used in order to set it up properly. But what if there was a way that we could bypass all that tedious DevOps work and go straight to our Data Science?

**Cloud Hosted Data Science**

Saturn is the easiest way to get up and running with Jupyter, Spark and Dask Notebook publishing, scalable computation, and so much more

**Fun with Fourier**

Hello, my arithmophobic friends! Well, maybe I am wrong and you able to share my affinity in math, however, as for my experience, many of the IT guys are trying to avoid any raw math experience, recalling their boring math lectures at universities. However, could it be, that the issue is not in the math itself? Perhaps math curriculum just shouldn’t be considered as an obstacle to overcome? I might be wrong again, and maybe you, my friends, experienced joyful and fascinating math course during your school time. Well, either your course was indeed truly amazing or you’re just a genius who is able to enjoy the things we, normal people, are struggling with, or maybe even both. Nevertheless, most of the math courses are quite… say the least, not-so-breath-taking. At least, in my case, studying in the post-Soviet outdated insulate educational system that was quite true.

**Recurrent Neural Networks**

Neural Networks are the typical algorithm employed in Deep Learning tasks. In my previous post, I’ve been talking about the basic structure of NNs and the elements (parameters, hyperparameters, and strategies) which one should know before building a Deep Learning model. Here, I’m going to dive deeper into the field of RNN.

**Handling Missing Data for a Beginner**

You want to be a Data Scientist. Perhaps, you are already a Data Scientist coming from a software engineering background. You know that 80% to 90% of a Data Scientist’s job is actually Data Cleaning. You still want to do the job because of the 10% of Machine Learning tasks that you get to perform. There’s nothing that beats the high that you get after completing the analysis of a dataset. How do you find a way to cut down the time that you use for Data Cleaning? How do you reserve your energy for that 10% of your job that’s critically important so that you can do that better? From my experience, it’s always good to have a solid understanding of the processes involved in Data Cleaning. Having an understanding of the process, the importance of the process, and the techniques used in the process will cut down on the time that you take to perform Data Cleaning tasks.

**Explore Data Structures**

A quick refresher on arrays, queues, stacks, dictionaries, linked lists, and trees.

**Machine Learning Cheat Sheet – Data Processing Techniques**

Data Pre-processing

**GRANDstack – Build full stack graph applications with ease.**

GRANDstack is a combination of technologies that work together to enable developers to build data intensive full stack applications. The components of GRANDstack are:• GraphQL – A new paradigm for building APIs, GraphQL is a way of describing data and enabling clients to query it.• React – A JavaScript library for building component based reusable user interfaces.• Apollo – A suite of tools that work together to create great GraphQL workflows.• Neo4j Database – The native graph database that allows you to model, store, and query your data the same way you think about it: as a graph.

**Knowledge Quadrant for Machine Learning**

Most Machine Learning systems that are deployed in the world today learn from human feedback. For example, a self-driving car can understand a stop sign because humans have manually labeled 1,000s of examples of stop signs in videos taken from cars. Those labeled examples are what teaches the algorithms deployed in the cars to automatically identify the stop signs. However, most Machine Learning courses focus almost exclusively on the algorithms, not the Human-Computer Interaction part of the systems. This can leave a big knowledge gap for Data Scientists working in real-world Machine Learning, where they will spend more time on data management than on building algorithms. Without a background in Human-in-the-Loop Machine Learning, Data Scientists often try to keep algorithm design and training data creation as completely separate activities. Algorithms get more accurate more quickly if you can combine your data and algorithm strategies, so this is a missed opportunity. Human-in-the-Loop Machine Learning is an opportunity to address one of the most important questions in technology today: how should humans and machines work together to solve problems?

**Practical Speech Recognition with Python: The Basics**

Do you fear implementing speech recognition in your Python apps? Read this tutorial for a simple approach to getting practical with speech recognition using open source Python libraries.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
