---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      swephR v0.2.0
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/qyYbSWVRhBA/
date:      2019-07-05
author:      R on Ralf Stubner
tags:
    - version
    - functions
    - sections
    - ephemeris
    - hsys
---





This morning swephR version 0.2.0 madeit unto CRAN and is nowpropagating to the mirrors.

The goal of swephR is to provide an R interface to theSwiss Ephemeris, ahigh precision ephemeris based upon the DE431 ephemeris from NASA’sJPL. It covers the time range 13201 BCE to 17191 CE.

The new version 0.2.0 brings two important changes. First, the version of theincluded Swiss Ephemeris has been updated to the current version 2.08. Upstream’srelease noteslist several changes. Most relevant for users of the package is the update tocurrent Delta T and the fixes to the star functions. Internally, this releaseincludes most of the patches we had created in the process of getting the packageunto CRAN, simplifying future updates. Unfortunately, we learned that the linksto certain sections of the programmer’s documentationare not stable between updates and had to be replaced with a generic reference.

Second, following a feature requestfor some Astrology related functions, thecoverage of the C API has been extend. In particular, the following functionsare now supported:

Section 10: Sidereal mode functions

- `swe_set_sid_mode(sid_mode, t0, ayan_t0)`

- `swe_get_ayanamsa_name(sid_mode)`

- `swe_get_ayanamsa_ex_ut(jd_ut, iflag)`

- `swe_get_ayanamsa_ex(jd_et, iflag)`


Section 13: House cusp, ascendant and Medium Coeli calculations

- `swe_houses_ex(jd_ut, cuspflag, geolat, geolon, hsys)`

- `swe_houses_armc(armc, geolat, eps, hsys)`

- `swe_house_name(hsys)`


Section 14: House position calculations

- `swe_house_pos(armc, geolat, eps, hsys, xpin)`

- `swe_gauquelin_sector(jd_ut, ipl, starname, ephe_flag, imeth, geopos, atpress, attemp)`


Section 15: Sidereal time

Please use the issue tracker for feedback such asquestions, comments, feature requests or bug reports.


*Related*







---
