---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Distilled News
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/07/02/distilled-news-1117/
date:      2019-07-02
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - data
    - learning
    - images
    - nurture
    - powerful
---

**Class Imbalance: a classification headache**

If you have had the chance of working around classification problems, then is probable you have faced a problem of imbalanced classes. As in ‘Where’s Wally’ (or ‘Waldo’ depending on where are you from) we used to struggle to find our red and white friend, a class imbalance usually makes it harder for us to identify (and hence classify) a minority class.

**Data-Efficient Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning – HIRO**

Traditional reinforcement learning algorithms have achieved encouraging success in recent years. Their nature of reasoning on the atomic scale, however, makes them hard to scale to complex tasks. Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning(HRL) introduces high-level abstraction, whereby the agent is able to plan on different scales. In this post, we introduce an HRL algorithm proposed by Ofir Nachum et al. in Google Brain on NIPS 2018. The algorithm, known as HIerarchical Reinforcement learning with Off-policy correction(HIRO), is designed for goal-directed tasks, in which the agent tries to reach some goal state. Note that this post is the first of two consecutive posts. In the next post, we will discuss another HRL algorithm proposed by the same team as an improvement on HIRO, named Near-Optimal Representation Learning for Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning.

**Adventure Scrape: Text mining on Adventure Time transcripts**

Contemporary animation tends towards cartoons that seemingly are made for kids but that have really profound effects on adults…because of their sudden development of plot, emotionally complex characters, and jokes that are #tooreal. One such show that makes you say ‘Oh my glob’ more than not is Adventure Time!

**Nature vs Nurture. In AI.**

When Sir Francis Galton, cousin of Charles Darwin, popularised the term ‘Nature versus Nurture’ in the late 1800s, he was of course thinking about how much a human being’s behaviour is determined by their inherited genes, and how much is determined by their experiences throughout life. The renowned eugenicist studied human traits, and developed the statistical concept of regression (used heavily in Machine Learning) as part of his quest to improve the human gene pool, and concluded that humans are very strongly a result of their heritage. While Galton’s proposals, such as paying individual from eminent families to have children together, are not in favour today’s egalitarian society, the concept of Nature vs Nurture continues to be the subject of much debate. In the entertaining 2007 book, Freakonimics by Steven Levitt and Stephen Dubner it was claimed that having 50 books in your house improved a child’s test scores by 5%. 100 books improved it by a further 5%. A clear sign of Nurture helping the child. But the same study also showed no correlation between actually reading the books. The theory is that parents who buy books are often those who pass genes for intelligence on to their children – Nature, not Nurture.

**Lessons from a real Machine Learning project, part 1: from Jupyter to Luigi**

In the last 6 months, my awesome team and I have been working on a challenging enterprise-level Machine Learning project: rebuilding from scratch the short-term power load forecasting models of a major energy provider. It has been a difficult yet satisfying journey: we have learnt a lot, mostly by trying to recover from naive mistakes. It is time to try and share the main lessons learnt, hoping to help and – why not? – be helped to improve even more. A single article would be far too long – and dull: I’ll try and post a bunch of them, each one focusing on a single topic. This one covers a very painful point: how to organize, structure, and manage the code for a Machine Learning project.

**What are Eigenvalues and Eigenvectors?**

Some concepts live in the heart of data science. Eigenvectors and eigenvalues are one of those concepts. This article will aim to explain what eigenvectors and eigenvalues are, how they are calculated and how we can use them.

**Top 5 Must-Read Answers – What does a Data Scientist do on a Daily Basis?**

I’m a curious person by nature. Whenever I come across a concept I haven’t heard of before, I can’t wait to dig in and find out how it works. This has come in quite handy in my own data science journey. But before I landed my first break in data science, I was always curious about what data scientists actually did every day. Was I supposed to simply build models all the time? Or was the oft-quoted saying about spending 70-80% of our time cleaning data actually true? I’m sure you have asked (or at least wondered) about this too. The role of a data scientist might be the ‘sexiest job of the 21st century’, but what does that entail on a day-to-day basis?

**New Square Method**

The ‘new square method’ is an improved approach based on the ‘least square method’. It calculates not only the constants and coefficients but also the variables’ power values in a model in the course of data regression calculations, thus bringing about a simpler and more accurate calculation for non-linear data regression processes.

**Digital Transformation and the AI Advantage**

Wait, the AI advantage is already here and gone? That’s what Deloitte warns in their report ‘Future in the balance? How countries are pursuing an AI advantage’.A noteworthy quote: ‘There are indications that the window for competitive differentiation with AI is rapidly closing. As AI technologies become easier to consume and get embedded in an increasing number of products and services, the early-mover advantage will rapidly diminish’.

**Why You Should Use Convolutions in Your Next Neural Net – Using TensorFlow**

Neural Nets are a common solution to the image classification problem. Typically they will train by taking a large dataset of images, flatten the image, pass it through fully connected layers, and then to the output layer to get the prediction. This article won’t be touching on many of the basics of neural nets, so if you are new to the top I recommend you read this first. Some of the basics that will be required to understand this article are that an image is a matrix of values (typically three layers with values ranging from 0 to 255) and, as with most data science, a reasonable understanding of linear algebra. For this article we are going to be looking at a model that could be used to classify images in the Intel Image Classification dataset on Kaggle. The data contains around 25k images of size 150×150 distributed across 6 categories.

**A simple hands-on tutorial of Azure Machine Learning Studio**

Azure Machine Learning Studio is a powerful, free tool that makes you design machine learning projects without having coding skills.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
