---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Connecting to SQL Server from R on a Mac with a Windows domain user
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/aPoS4zzwuGk/
date:      2019-07-23
author:      David Lindelöf
tags:
    - freetds
    - server
    - odbc driver
    - database
    - port
---





Connecting to an SQL Server instance as a Windows domain user is relatively straightforward when you run R on Windows, you have the right ODBC driver installed, and your network is setup properly. You normally don’t need to supply credentials, because the ODBC driver uses the built-in Windows authentication scheme. Assuming your `odbcinst.ini` file includes an entry for `SQLServer`, you typically just need the following:

 But if you want to connect to SQL Server from a Mac, things are less simple.

Don’t bother installing the ODBC driver supplied by Microsoft; it just doesn’t work with a Windows domain user. No matter what I tried, I always got the following error message: `Error: nanodbc/nanodbc.cpp:950: 28000: [Microsoft][ODBC Driver 13 for SQL Server][SQL Server]Login failed for user 'dlindelof'.` I’ve tried setting the user id to `domain\\username`, I’ve tried passing an extra parameter `DOMAIN`, all to no avail.

As far as I could determine, it simply is not possible to connect to SQL Server with a domain user using the ODBC driver supplied by Microsoft. Instead, obtain the open-source FreeTDS driver. Once installed you should see its libraries installed as `/usr/local/lib/libtdsodbc.so`. Edit your `/usr/local/etc/odbcinst.ini` file accordingly:

You can, but don’t need to, also edit `/usr/local/odbc.ini` and `/usr/local/etc/freetds.conf` if you want to specify human-friendly aliases to specific database connections. I never used that.

You can now create a database source in R using the usual connection parameters, with the important gotcha that (unless you edit `freetds.conf`) you must specify the port number. The username must be prefixed by the domain and a double backslash (to prevent escaping). Putting it all together, my connection call looks like this: 


*Related*







---
