---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Finding out why
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/07/30/finding-out-why-23/
date:      2019-07-30
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - forecasts
    - forecasting
    - extrapolation
    - extrapolate
    - causality
---

***Paper***: ***Info Intervention***

We proposed the info intervention, which intervening the information sending out from a node. We point out issues of existing definition of \textit{perfect intervention} and claims that info intervention should be a substitute of it.

***Article***: ***Correlation & Causation – How Alcohol Affects Life Expectancy***

We hear this sentence over and over again as beginner statisticians and data scientists. But what does that actually mean? This small analysis uncovers this topic with the help of R, and simple regressions, focusing on how alcohol impacts health.

***Article***: ***Convolution vs. Cross-Correlation***

This post will overview the difference between convolution and cross-correlation. This post is the only resource online that contains a step-by-step worked example of both convolution and cross-correlation together (as far as I know – and trust me, I did a lot of searching). This post also deals precisely with indices, which it turns out are critical to get right if you want to demonstrate by example how convolution and cross-correlation are related. I spent a large part of preparing this post tearing my hair out over indices, but now they are all beautiful and organized for you to enjoy. First, a little motivation on this topic…

***Article***: ***Causal Forces: Structuring Knowledge for Time Series Extrapolation***

This paper examines a strategy for structuring one type of domain knowledge for use in extrapolation. It does so by representing information about causality and using this domain knowledge to select and combine forecasts. We use five categories to express causal impacts upon trends: growth, decay, supporting, opposing, and regressing. An identification of causal forces aided in the determination of weights for combining extrapolation forecasts. These weights improved average ex ante forecast accuracy when tested on 104 annual economic and demographic time series. Gains in accuracy were greatest when (1) the causal forces were clearly specified and (2) stronger causal effects were expected, as in longer-range forecasts. One rule suggested by this analysis was: ‘Do not extrapolate trends if they are contrary to causal forces.’ We tested this rule by comparing forecasts from a method that implicitly assumes supporting trends (Holt’s exponential smoothing) with forecasts from the random walk. Use of the rule improved accuracy for 20 series where the trends were contrary; the MdAPE (Median Absolute Percentage Error) was 18% less for the random walk on 20 one-year ahead forecasts and 40% less for 20 six-year-ahead forecasts. We then applied the rule to four other data sets. Here, the MdAPE for the random walk forecasts was 17% less than Holt’s error for 943 short-range forecasts and 43% less for 723 long-range forecasts. Our study suggests that the causal assumptions implicit in traditional extrapolation methods are inappropriate for many applications.

***Paper***: ***Some examples of application for predicting of compressive sensing method***

This paper considers application of the SALSA algorithm as a method of forecasting and applies it to simulated electrical signal, temperature recording from the Australian Bureau of Meteorology and stock prices from the Australian stock exchange. It compares it to basic linear extrapolation and casual smoothing extrapolation, in all cases SALSA extrapolation proves to be a better method of forecasting than linear extrapolation. However, it cannot be imperially stated that it is superior to Causal smoothing extrapolation in complex systems as it has a higher L2 euclidean in these experiments. while usually retaining more shape and statistical elements of the original function than Causal smoothing extrapolation. Leading to the conclusion the Causal Smoothing extrapolation can provide a more conservative forecast for complex systems while the SALSA algorithm more accurately predicts the range of possible events as well as being the superior forecasting method for electrical signals, the physical process it is designed to forecast.

***Paper***: ***Entropy_Regularized Stochastic Games***

In two-player zero-sum stochastic games, where two competing players make decisions under uncertainty, a pair of optimal strategies is traditionally described by Nash equilibrium and computed under the assumption that the players have perfect information about the stochastic transition model of the environment. However, implementing such strategies may make the players vulnerable to unforeseen changes in the environment. In this paper, we introduce entropy-regularized stochastic games where each player aims to maximize the causal entropy of its strategy in addition to its expected payoff. The regularization term balances each player’s rationality with its belief about the level of misinformation about the transition model. We consider both entropy-regularized $N$-stage and entropy-regularized discounted stochastic games, and establish the existence of a value in both games. Moreover, we prove the sufficiency of Markovian and stationary mixed strategies to attain the value, respectively, in $N$-stage and discounted games. Finally, we present algorithms, which are based on convex optimization problems, to compute the optimal strategies. In a numerical example, we demonstrate the proposed method on a motion planning scenario and illustrate the effect of the regularization term on the expected payoff.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
