---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      A^B or B^A
subtitle:      转载自：http://datagenetics.com/blog/july22019/index.html
date:      2019-07-07
author:      未知
tags:
    - simple question
    - transition point depends
    - experiment
---

A simple question this week. Given two real numbers: A and B, which generates the larger number? AB or BA ?

*Is* AB > BA *or* BA > AB *?*

Is it better to use the larger number as the base or the exponent? It seems such a trivial thing, even if we’re not sure, how hard can it be to test a few examples?

- With A=4, B=5 then 45 =1,024 and 54= 625. This seems to indicate that using the larger of the two number as the exponent gives the largest result.

- This is confirmed with the set {2,7}, where 27 = 128 *cf* 72 = 49. Again using the larger number as the exponent maximizes the result.

- Hold on though, what about {1,7}, here 71 = 7 , which is larger than 17 = 1. Here we get a larger result with the smaller number on the exponent.

- Similarly with {2,3}. Here 23 = 8, which is smaller than 32 = 9, so it appears that sometimes putting the bigger number in the exponent does not result the largest result. What gives?

- Then there is a seemingly arbitrary flip-flop. Take the set {1.6, 6.2} and compare this to pair {1.6, 6.3}


1.66.2 < 6.21.6  *but*   1.66.3 > 6.31.6

Somewhere in between {1.6,6.2–6.3} it flips over, and also somewhere {1.6–1.7,6.2}, so the transition point depends on both numbers.

Something is clearly going on. Want to experiment yourself to see if you can see a pattern?

Below is a little app for you to be able to experiment looking for a pattern. Be careful, using powers, it’s pretty easy to cause overflows. You can also use negative numbers, but bear in mind that negative numbers with non-integer exponents are not defined.
