---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Finding out why
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/07/03/finding-out-why-5/
date:      2019-07-03
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - treatments
    - models
    - modeling
    - causal
    - paper
---

***Paper***: ***A Self-supervised Approach to Hierarchical Forecasting with Applications to Groupwise Synthetic Controls***

When forecasting time series with a hierarchical structure, the existing state of the art is to forecast each time series independently, and, in a post-treatment step, to reconcile the time series in a way that respects the hierarchy (Hyndman et al., 2011; Wickramasuriya et al., 2018). We propose a new loss function that can be incorporated into any maximum likelihood objective with hierarchical data, resulting in reconciled estimates with confidence intervals that correctly account for additional uncertainty due to imperfect reconciliation. We evaluate our method using a non-linear model and synthetic data on a counterfactual forecasting problem, where we have access to the ground truth and contemporaneous covariates, and show that we largely improve over the existing state-of-the-art method.

***Paper***: ***Parametric versus Semi and Nonparametric Regression Models***

Three types of regression models researchers need to be familiar with and know the requirements of each: parametric, semiparametric and nonparametric regression models. The type of modeling used is based on how much information are available about the form of the relationship between response variable and explanatory variables, and the random error distribution. In this article, differences between models, common methods of estimation, robust estimation, and applications are introduced. The R code for all the graphs and analyses presented here, in this article, is available in the Appendix.

***Paper***: ***Generalizing causal inferences from randomized trials: counterfactual and graphical identification***

When engagement with a randomized trial is driven by factors that affect the outcome or when trial engagement directly affects the outcome independent of treatment, the average treatment effect among trial participants is unlikely to generalize to a target population. In this paper, we use counterfactual and graphical causal models to examine under what conditions we can generalize causal inferences from a randomized trial to the target population of trial-eligible individuals. We offer an interpretation of generalizability analyses using the notion of a hypothetical intervention to ‘scale-up’ trial engagement to the target population. We consider the interpretation of generalizability analyses when trial engagement does or does not directly affect the outcome, highlight connections with censoring in longitudinal studies, and discuss identification of the distribution of counterfactual outcomes via g-formula computation and inverse probability weighting. Last, we show how the methods can be extended to address time-varying treatments, non-adherence, and censoring.

***Paper***: ***User Sentiment as a Success Metric: Persistent Biases Under Full Randomization***

We study user sentiment (reported via optional surveys) as a metric for fully randomized A/B tests. Both user-level covariates and treatment assignment can impact response propensity. We propose a set of consistent estimators for the average and local treatment effects on treated and respondent users. We show that our problem can be mapped onto the intersection of the missing data problem and observational causal inference, and we identify conditions under which consistent estimators exist. We evaluate the performance of estimators via simulation studies and find that more complicated models do not necessarily provide superior performance.

***Article***: ***Using Causal Inference to Improve the Uber User Experience***

This article is the second in our series dedicated to highlighting causal inference methods and their industry applications. Previously, we published an article on mediation modeling, which is one of many methods within the broader category of causal inference. In future articles, we plan on discussing some initiatives at Uber to scale causal inference methods through our platform and tools.

***Article***: ***Mediation Modeling at Uber: Understanding Why Product Changes Work (and Don’t Work)***

At Uber Labs, our mission is to leverage insights and methodologies from behavioral science to help product and marketing teams improve the customer experience. Recently, we introduced mediation modeling, a statistical approach from academic research, to address user pain points. Mediation modeling goes beyond simple cause and effect relationships in an attempt to understand what underlying mechanisms led to a result. Using this type of analysis, we can fine-tune product changes and develop new ones that focus on the underlying mechanisms behind successful features on the Uber platform.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
