---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Whats new on arXiv
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/07/15/whats-new-on-arxiv-1048/
date:      2019-07-15
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - modeling
    - learning
    - based
    - ai models
    - data framework
---

**Statistical mechanics of time series**

Countless natural and social multivariate systems are studied through sets of simultaneous and time-spaced measurements of the observables that drive their dynamics, i.e., through sets of time series. Typically, this is done via hypothesis testing: the statistical properties of the empirical time series are tested against those expected under a suitable null hypothesis. This is a very challenging task in complex interacting systems, where statistical stability is often poor due to lack of stationarity and ergodicity. Here, we describe an unsupervised, data-driven framework to perform hypothesis testing in such situations. This consists of a statistical mechanical theory – derived from first principles – for ensembles of time series designed to preserve, on average, some of the statistical properties observed on an empirical set of time series. We showcase its possible applications on a set of stock market returns from the NYSE.

**Human detection of machine manipulated media**

Recent advances in neural networks for content generation enable artificial intelligence (AI) models to generate high-quality media manipulations. Here we report on a randomized experiment designed to study the effect of exposure to media manipulations on over 15,000 individuals’ ability to discern machine-manipulated media. We engineer a neural network to plausibly and automatically remove objects from images, and we deploy this neural network online with a randomized experiment where participants can guess which image out of a pair of images has been manipulated. The system provides participants feedback on the accuracy of each guess. In the experiment, we randomize the order in which images are presented, allowing causal identification of the learning curve surrounding participants’ ability to detect fake content. We find sizable and robust evidence that individuals learn to detect fake content through exposure to manipulated media when provided iterative feedback on their detection attempts. Over a succession of only ten images, participants increase their rating accuracy by over ten percentage points. Our study provides initial evidence that human ability to detect fake, machine-generated content may increase alongside the prevalence of such media online.

**Bag-of-Audio-Words based on Autoencoder Codebook for Continuous Emotion Prediction**

In this paper we present a novel approach for extracting a Bag-of-Words (BoW) representation based on a Neural Network codebook. The conventional BoW model is based on a dictionary (codebook) built from elementary representations which are selected randomly or by using a clustering algorithm on a training dataset. A metric is then used to assign unseen elementary representations to the closest dictionary entries in order to produce a histogram. In the proposed approach, an autoencoder (AE) encompasses the role of both the dictionary creation and the assignment metric. The dimension of the encoded layer of the AE corresponds to the size of the dictionary and the output of its neurons represents the assignment metric. Experimental results for the continuous emotion prediction task on the AVEC 2017 audio dataset have shown an improvement of the Concordance Correlation Coefficient (CCC) from 0.225 to 0.322 for arousal dimension and from 0.244 to 0.368 for valence dimension relative to the conventional BoW version implemented in a baseline system.

**Improving Neural Relation Extraction with Implicit Mutual Relations**

Relation extraction (RE) aims at extracting the relation between two entities from the text corpora. It is a crucial task for Knowledge Graph (KG) construction. Most existing methods predict the relation between an entity pair by learning the relation from the training sentences, which contain the targeted entity pair. In contrast to existing distant supervision approaches that suffer from insufficient training corpora to extract relations, our proposal of mining implicit mutual relation from the massive unlabeled corpora transfers the semantic information of entity pairs into the RE model, which is more expressive and semantically plausible. After constructing an entity proximity graph based on the implicit mutual relations, we preserve the semantic relations of entity pairs via embedding each vertex of the graph into a low-dimensional space. As a result, we can easily and flexibly integrate the implicit mutual relations and other entity information, such as entity types, into the existing RE methods. Our experimental results on a New York Times and another Google Distant Supervision datasets suggest that our proposed neural RE framework provides a promising improvement for the RE task, and significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods. Moreover, the component for mining implicit mutual relations is so flexible that can help to improve the performance of both CNN-based and RNN-based RE models significant.

**Topic Modeling in Embedding Spaces**

Topic modeling analyzes documents to learn meaningful patterns of words. However, existing topic models fail to learn interpretable topics when working with large and heavy-tailed vocabularies. To this end, we develop the Embedded Topic Model (ETM), a generative model of documents that marries traditional topic models with word embeddings. In particular, it models each word with a categorical distribution whose natural parameter is the inner product between a word embedding and an embedding of its assigned topic. To fit the ETM, we develop an efficient amortized variational inference algorithm. The ETM discovers interpretable topics even with large vocabularies that include rare words and stop words. It outperforms existing document models, such as latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA), in terms of both topic quality and predictive performance.

**Hierarchical Clustering Supported by Reciprocal Nearest Neighbors**

Clustering is a fundamental analysis tool aiming at classifying data points into groups based on their similarity or distance. It has found successful applications in all natural and social sciences, including biology, physics, economics, chemistry, astronomy, psychology, and so on. Among numerous existent algorithms, hierarchical clustering algorithms are of a particular advantage as they can provide results under different resolutions without any predetermined number of clusters and unfold the organization of resulted clusters. At the same time, they suffer a variety of drawbacks and thus are either time-consuming or inaccurate. We propose a novel hierarchical clustering approach on the basis of a simple hypothesis that two reciprocal nearest data points should be grouped in one cluster. Extensive tests on data sets across multiple domains show that our method is much faster and more accurate than the state-of-the-art benchmarks. We further extend our method to deal with the community detection problem in real networks, achieving remarkably better results in comparison with the well-known Girvan-Newman algorithm.

**Semantic Parsing with Dual Learning**

Semantic parsing converts natural language queries into structured logical forms. The paucity of annotated training samples is a fundamental challenge in this field. In this work, we develop a semantic parsing framework with the dual learning algorithm, which enables a semantic parser to make full use of data (labeled and even unlabeled) through a dual-learning game. This game between a primal model (semantic parsing) and a dual model (logical form to query) forces them to regularize each other, and can achieve feedback signals from some prior-knowledge. By utilizing the prior-knowledge of logical form structures, we propose a novel reward signal at the surface and semantic levels which tends to generate complete and reasonable logical forms. Experimental results show that our approach achieves new state-of-the-art performance on ATIS dataset and gets competitive performance on Overnight dataset.

**Time series cluster kernels to exploit informative missingness and incomplete label information**

The time series cluster kernel (TCK) provides a powerful tool for analysing multivariate time series subject to missing data. TCK is designed using an ensemble learning approach in which Bayesian mixture models form the base models. Because of the Bayesian approach, TCK can naturally deal with missing values without resorting to imputation and the ensemble strategy ensures robustness to hyperparameters, making it particularly well suited for unsupervised learning. However, TCK assumes missing at random and that the underlying missingness mechanism is ignorable, i.e. uninformative, an assumption that does not hold in many real-world applications, such as e.g. medicine. To overcome this limitation, we present a kernel capable of exploiting the potentially rich information in the missing values and patterns, as well as the information from the observed data. In our approach, we create a representation of the missing pattern, which is incorporated into mixed mode mixture models in such a way that the information provided by the missing patterns is effectively exploited. Moreover, we also propose a semi-supervised kernel, capable of taking advantage of incomplete label information to learn more accurate similarities. Experiments on benchmark data, as well as a real-world case study of patients described by longitudinal electronic health record data who potentially suffer from hospital-acquired infections, demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed methods.

**Productization Challenges of Contextual Multi-Armed Bandits**

Contextual Multi-Armed Bandits is a well-known and accepted online optimization algorithm, that is used in many Web experiences to tailor content or presentation to users’ traffic. Much has been published on theoretical guarantees (e.g. regret bounds) of proposed algorithmic variants, but relatively little attention has been devoted to the challenges encountered while productizing contextual bandits schemes in large scale settings. This work enumerates several productization challenges we encountered while leveraging contextual bandits for two concrete use cases at scale. We discuss how to (1) determine the context (engineer the features) that model the bandit arms; (2) sanity check the health of the optimization process; (3) evaluate the process in an offline manner; (4) add potential actions (arms) on the fly to a running process; (5) subject the decision process to constraints; and (6) iteratively improve the online learning algorithm. For each such challenge, we explain the issue, provide our approach, and relate to prior art where applicable.

**Featured Snippets Results in Google Web Search: An Exploratory Study**

In this paper authors analyzed 163412 keywords and results with featured snippets collected from localized Polish Google search engine. A methodology for retrieving data from Google search engine was proposed in terms of obtaining necessary data to study featured snippets. It was observed that almost half of featured snippets (48%) is taken from result on first ranking position. Furthermore, some correlations between prepositions and the most often appearing content words in keywords was discovered. Results show that featured snippets are often taken from trustworthy websites like e.g., Wikipedia and are mainly presented in form of a paragraph. Paragraph can be read by Google Assistant or Home Assistant with voice search. We conclude our findings with discussion and research limitations.

**Interpretable Dynamics Models for Data-Efficient Reinforcement Learning**

In this paper, we present a Bayesian view on model-based reinforcement learning. We use expert knowledge to impose structure on the transition model and present an efficient learning scheme based on variational inference. This scheme is applied to a heteroskedastic and bimodal benchmark problem on which we compare our results to NFQ and show how our approach yields human-interpretable insight about the underlying dynamics while also increasing data-efficiency.

**GraphSAINT: Graph Sampling Based Inductive Learning Method**

Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs) are powerful models for learning representations of attributed graphs.To scale GCNs to large graphs, state-of-the-art methods use various layer sampling techniques to alleviate the ‘neighbor explosion’ problem during minibatch training. Here we proposeGraphSAINT, a graph sampling based inductive learning method that improves training efficiency in a fundamentally different way. By a change of perspective, GraphSAINT constructs minibatches by sampling the training graph, rather than the nodes or edges across GCN layers. Each iteration, a complete GCN is built from the properly sampled subgraph. Thus, we ensure fixed number of well-connected nodes in all layers. We further propose normalization technique to eliminate bias, and sampling algorithms for variance reduction. Importantly, we can decouple the sampling process from the forward and backward propagation of training, and extend GraphSAINT with other graph samplers and GCN variants. Comparing with strong baselines using layer sampling, GraphSAINT demonstrates superior performance in both accuracy and training time on four large graphs.

**Agile Domain Adaptation**

Domain adaptation investigates the problem of leveraging knowledge from a well-labeled source domain to an unlabeled target domain, where the two domains are drawn from different data distributions. Because of the distribution shifts, different target samples have distinct degrees of difficulty in adaptation. However, existing domain adaptation approaches overwhelmingly neglect the degrees of difficulty and deploy exactly the same framework for all of the target samples. Generally, a simple or shadow framework is fast but rough. A sophisticated or deep framework, on the contrary, is accurate but slow. In this paper, we aim to challenge the fundamental contradiction between the accuracy and speed in domain adaptation tasks. We propose a novel approach, named {\it agile domain adaptation}, which agilely applies optimal frameworks to different target samples and classifies the target samples according to their adaptation difficulties. Specifically, we propose a paradigm which performs several early detections before the final classification. If a sample can be classified at one of the early stage with enough confidence, the sample would exit without the subsequent processes. Notably, the proposed method can significantly reduce the running cost of domain adaptation approaches, which can extend the application scenarios of domain adaptation to even mobile devices and real-time systems. Extensive experiments on two open benchmarks verify the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed method.

**Neural Network-based Equalizer by Utilizing Coding Gain in Advance**

Recently, deep learning has been exploited in many fields with revolutionized breakthroughs. In the light of this, deep learning-assisted communication systems have also attracted much attention in recent years and have potential to break down the conventional design rule for communication systems. In this work, we propose two kinds of neural network-based equalizers to exploit different characteristics between convolutional neural networks and recurrent neural networks. The equalizer in conventional block-based design may destroy the code structure and degrade the capacity of coding gain for decoder. On the contrary, our proposed approach not only eliminates channel fading, but also exploits the code structure with utilization of coding gain in advance, which can effectively increase the overall utilization of coding gain with more than 1.5 dB gain.

**Understanding the Representation Power of Graph Neural Networks in Learning Graph Topology**

To deepen our understanding of graph neural networks, we investigate the representation power of Graph Convolutional Networks (GCN) through the looking glass of graph moments, a key property of graph topology encoding path of various lengths. We find that GCNs are rather restrictive in learning graph moments. Without careful design, GCNs can fail miserably even with multiple layers and nonlinear activation functions. We analyze theoretically the expressiveness of GCNs, arriving at a modular GCN design, using different propagation rules. Our modular design is capable of distinguishing graphs from different graph generation models for surprisingly small graphs, a notoriously difficult problem in network science. Our investigation suggests that, depth is much more influential than width, with deeper GCNs being more capable of learning higher order graph moments. Additionally, combining GCN modules with different propagation rules is critical to the representation power of GCNs.

**Making AI Forget You: Data Deletion in Machine Learning**

Intense recent discussions have focused on how to provide individuals with control over when their data can and cannot be used — the EU’s Right To Be Forgotten regulation is an example of this effort. In this paper we initiate a framework studying what to do when it is no longer permissible to deploy models derivative from specific user data. In particular, we formulate the problem of how to efficiently delete individual data points from trained machine learning models. For many standard ML models, the only way to completely remove an individual’s data is to retrain the whole model from scratch on the remaining data, which is often not computationally practical. We investigate algorithmic principles that enable efficient data deletion in ML. For the specific setting of k-means clustering, we propose two provably deletion efficient algorithms which achieve an average of over 100X improvement in deletion efficiency across 6 datasets, while producing clusters of comparable statistical quality to a canonical k-means++ baseline.

**Profiling based Out-of-core Hybrid Method for Large Neural Networks**

GPUs are widely used to accelerate deep learning with NNs (NNs). On the other hand, since GPU memory capacity is limited, it is difficult to implement efficient programs that compute large NNs on GPU. To compute NNs exceeding GPU memory capacity, data-swapping method and recomputing method have been proposed in existing work. However, in these methods, performance overhead occurs due to data movement or increase of computation. In order to reduce the overhead, it is important to consider characteristics of each layer such as sizes and cost for recomputation. Based on this direction, we proposed Profiling based out-of-core Hybrid method (PoocH). PoocH determines target layers of swapping or recomputing based on runtime profiling. We implemented PoocH by extending a deep learning framework, Chainer, and we evaluated its performance. With PoocH, we successfully computed an NN requiring 50 GB memory on a single GPU with 16 GB memory. Compared with in-core cases, performance degradation was 38 \% on x86 machine and 28 \% on POWER9 machine.

**PreCall: A Visual Interface for Threshold Optimization in ML Model Selection**

Machine learning systems are ubiquitous in various kinds of digital applications and have a huge impact on our everyday life. But a lack of explainability and interpretability of such systems hinders meaningful participation by people, especially by those without a technical background. Interactive visual interfaces (e.g., providing means for manipulating parameters in the user interface) can help tackle this challenge. In this paper we present PreCall, an interactive visual interface for ORES, a machine learning-based web service for Wikimedia projects such as Wikipedia. While ORES can be used for a number of settings, it can be challenging to translate requirements from the application domain into formal parameter sets needed to configure the ORES models. Assisting Wikipedia editors in finding damaging edits, for example, can be realized at various stages of automatization, which might impact the precision of the applied model. Our prototype PreCall attempts to close this translation gap by interactively visualizing the relationship between major model metrics (recall, precision, false positive rate) and a parameter (the threshold between valuable and damaging edits). Furthermore, PreCall visualizes the probable results for the current model configuration to improve the human’s understanding of the relationship between metrics and outcome when using ORES. We describe PreCall’s components and present a use case that highlights the benefits of our approach. Finally, we pose further research questions we would like to discuss during the workshop.

**Forecasting remaining useful life: Interpretable deep learning approach via variational Bayesian inferences**

Predicting the remaining useful life of machinery, infrastructure, or other equipment can facilitate preemptive maintenance decisions, whereby a failure is prevented through timely repair or replacement. This allows for a better decision support by considering the anticipated time-to-failure and thus promises to reduce costs. Here a common baseline may be derived by fitting a probability density function to past lifetimes and then utilizing the (conditional) expected remaining useful life as a prognostic. This approach finds widespread use in practice because of its high explanatory power. A more accurate alternative is promised by machine learning, where forecasts incorporate deterioration processes and environmental variables through sensor data. However, machine learning largely functions as a black-box method and its forecasts thus forfeit most of the desired interpretability. As our primary contribution, we propose a structured-effect neural network for predicting the remaining useful life which combines the favorable properties of both approaches: its key innovation is that it offers both a high accountability and the flexibility of deep learning. The parameters are estimated via variational Bayesian inferences. The different approaches are compared based on the actual time-to-failure for aircraft engines. This demonstrates the performance and superior interpretability of our method, while we finally discuss implications for decision support.

**Gain with no Pain: Efficient Kernel-PCA by Nyström Sampling**

In this paper, we propose and study a Nystr\’om based approach to efficient large scale kernel principal component analysis (PCA). The latter is a natural nonlinear extension of classical PCA based on considering a nonlinear feature map or the corresponding kernel. Like other kernel approaches, kernel PCA enjoys good mathematical and statistical properties but, numerically, it scales poorly with the sample size. Our analysis shows that Nystr\’om sampling greatly improves computational efficiency without incurring any loss of statistical accuracy. While similar effects have been observed in supervised learning, this is the first such result for PCA. Our theoretical findings, which are also illustrated by numerical results, are based on a combination of analytic and concentration of measure techniques. Our study is more broadly motivated by the question of understanding the interplay between statistical and computational requirements for learning.

**Fitting Prediction Rule Ensembles to Psychological Research Data: An Introduction and Tutorial**

Prediction rule ensembles (PREs) are a relatively new statistical learning method, which aim to strike a balance between predictive accuracy and interpretability. Starting from a decision tree ensemble, like a boosted tree ensemble or a random forest, PREs retain a small subset of tree nodes in the final predictive model. These nodes can be written as simple rules of the form if [condition] then [prediction]. As a result, PREs are often much less complex than full decision tree ensembles, while they have been found to provide similar predictive accuracy in many situations. The current paper introduces the methodology and shows how PREs can be fitted using the R package pre through several real-data examples from psychological research. The examples also illustrate a number of features of package \textbf{pre} that may be particularly useful for applications in psychology: support for categorical, multivariate and count responses, application of (non-)negativity constraints, inclusion of confirmatory rules and standardized variable importance measures.

**Time2Vec: Learning a Vector Representation of Time**

Time is an important feature in many applications involving events that occur synchronously and/or asynchronously. To effectively consume time information, recent studies have focused on designing new architectures. In this paper, we take an orthogonal but complementary approach by providing a model-agnostic vector representation for time, called Time2Vec, that can be easily imported into many existing and future architectures and improve their performances. We show on a range of models and problems that replacing the notion of time with its Time2Vec representation improves the performance of the final model.

**Distributions of Historic Market Data — Relaxation and Correlations**

We show that, for a class of mean-reverting models, the correlation function of stochastic variance (squared volatility) contains only one — relaxation — parameter. We generalize and simplify the expression for leverage for this class of models. We apply our results to specific examples of such models — multiplicative, Heston, and combined multiplicative-Heston — and use historic stock market data to obtain parameters of their steady-state distributions and cross-correlations between Weiner processes in the models for stock returns and stochastic variance.

**Incrementalizing RASA’s Open-Source Natural Language Understanding Pipeline**

As spoken dialogue systems and chatbots are gaining more widespread adoption, commercial and open-sourced services for natural language understanding are emerging. In this paper, we explain how we altered the open-source RASA natural language understanding pipeline to process incrementally (i.e., word-by-word), following the incremental unit framework proposed by Schlangen and Skantze. To do so, we altered existing RASA components to process incrementally, and added an update-incremental intent recognition model as a component to RASA. Our evaluations on the Snips dataset show that our changes allow RASA to function as an effective incremental natural language understanding service.

### Like this:

Like Loading...
