---
layout:     post
title:      Martingales
subtitle:   转载自：http://efavdb.com/martingales/
date:       2017-10-20
author:     Jonathan Landy
header-img: img/background2.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - x_i
    - random
    - quick
    - martingales
    - expectation
---

Here, I give a quick review of the concept of a Martingale. A Martingale is a sequence of random variables satisfying a specific expectation conservation law. If one can identify a Martingale relating to some other sequence of random variables, its use can sometimes make quick work of certain expectation value evaluations.

This note is adapted from Chapter 2 of Stochastic Calculus and Financial Applications, by Steele.

Follow us on twitter for new submission alerts!

### Definition

Often in random processes, one is interested in characterizing a sequence of random variables $\{X_i\}$. The example we will keep in mind is a set of variables $X_i \in \{-1, 1\}$ corresponding to the steps of an unbiased random walk in one-dimension. A Martingale process $M_i = f(X_1, X_2, \ldots X_i)$ is a derived random variable on top of the $X_i$ variables satisfying the following conservation law\begin{eqnarray} \tag{1}E(M_i | X_1, \ldots X_{i-1}) = M_{i-1}.\end{eqnarray}For example, in the unbiased random walk example, if we take $S_n = \sum_{i=1}^n X_i$, then $E(S_n) = S_{n-1}$, so $S_n$ is a Martingale. If we can develop or identify a Martingale for a given $\{X_i\}$ process, it can often help us to quickly evaluate certain expectation values relating to the underlying process. Three useful Martingales follow.

 Again, the sum $S_n = \sum_{i=1}^n X_i$ is a Martingale, provided $E(X_i) = 0$ for all $i$.
1. The expression $S_n^2 – n \sigma^2$ is a Martingale, provided $E(X_i) = 0$ and $E(X_i^2) = \sigma^2$ for all $i$. Proof: \begin{eqnarray} \tag{2}E(S_n^2 | X_1, \ldots X_{n-1}) &=& \sigma^2 + 2 E(X_n) S_{n-1} + S_{n-1}^2 – n \sigma^2\\& =& S_{n-1}^2 – (n-1) \sigma^2.\end{eqnarray}
