---
layout:     post
title:      Advice for aspiring data scientists and other FAQs
subtitle:   转载自：https://yanirseroussi.com/2017/10/15/advice-for-aspiring-data-scientists-and-other-faqs/
date:       2017-10-15
author:     Yanir Seroussi
header-img: img/background3.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - data scientists
    - science
    - pretty
    - feel
    - learning
---

Aspiring data scientists and other visitors to this site often repeat the same questions. This post is the definitive collection of my answers to such questions (which may evolve over time).

**How do I become a data scientist?**

It depends on your situation. Before we get into it, have you thought about why you want to become a data scientist?

**Hmm… Not really. Why should I become a data scientist?**

I can’t answer this for you, but it’s great to see you [asking why](https://yanirseroussi.com/2016/09/19/ask-why-finding-motives-causes-and-purpose-in-data-science). Do you know what data science is? Do you understand what data scientists do?

**Sort of. Just so we’re on the same page, what is data science?**

**What are the hardest parts of data science?**

**Thanks, that’s helpful. But what do data scientists actually do?**

**Cool! Can you provide a general overview of how to become a data scientist?**

**I’m pretty happy with my current job, but still thinking of becoming a data scientist. What should I do?**

Find ways of doing data science within your current role, working overtime if needed. Working on a real problem in a familiar domain is much more valuable than working on toy problems from online courses and platforms like Kaggle (though they’re also useful). If you’re a data analyst, learn how to program to automate and simplify your analyses. If you’re a software engineer, become comfortable with analysing and modelling data. [Machine learning doesn’t have to be a part of what you choose to do](https://brohrer.github.io/imposter_syndrome.html).

**I’m pretty busy. What online course should I take to learn about the area?**

**Should I learn Python or R? Keras or Tensorflow? What about `<insert name here>`?**

It doesn’t matter. Focus on principles and you’ll be fine. The following quote still applies today (to people of all genders).

> 

As to methods, there may be a million and then some, but principles are few. The man who grasps principles can successfully select his own methods. The man who tries methods, ignoring principles, is sure to have trouble.




**I want to become a data science freelancer. Can you provide some advice?**

**Can you recommend an academic data science degree?**

**Will you be my mentor?**

Probably not, unless you’re hard-working, independent, and doing something I find interesting. Feel free to [contact me](https://yanirseroussi.com/about) if you believe we’d both find the relationship beneficial.

**Can you help with my project?**

Probably not, as I work full-time with [Automattic](https://automattic.com/). I barely have time for my side projects, and I’m not looking for more paid work. However, if you think I’d find your project exciting, please do [contact me](https://yanirseroussi.com/about).

---


**What about ethics?**

**I’m a manager. When should I hire a data scientist and start using machine learning?**

**Do you want to buy my products or services?**

No. If I did, I’d contact you.

**I have a question that isn’t answered here or anywhere on the internet, and I think you can help. Can I contact you?**

### Like this:

Like Loading...
