---
layout:     post
title:      2017 Outlook： pandas, Arrow, Feather, Parquet, Spark, Ibis
subtitle:   转载自：http://wesmckinney.com/blog/outlook-for-2017/
date:       2016-12-27
author:     Wes McKinney
header-img: img/background1.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - python data
    - arrow
    - pandas
    - development
    - developing
---





** Tue 27 December 2016

 

2017 is shaping up to be an exciting year in Python data development. In this
post I'll give you a flavor of what to expect from my end. In follow up blog
posts, I plan to go into more depth about how all the pieces fit together. I
have been a bit delinquent in blogging in 2016, since my hands have been quite
full doing development and working on the 2nd edition of Python for Data
Analysis. I am going to do my best to write more in 2017.

## New position

After a productive [2 years with Cloudera](http://wesmckinney.com/blog/thoughts-on-joining-cloudera), a few months ago I transitioned
to a software architect role at [Two Sigma Investments](https://twosigma.com/.). Since leaving the
quant finance world in 2010, I have observed the profound impact that open
source tools have had on the financial industry. I was refreshed to find that
forward thinking institutions like Two Sigma have increased their engagement
with the open source ecosystem, releasing internally-developed tools and
contributing work back to established OSS projects.

In my new role, I am working to solve data analysis problems that are
well-aligned with the open source software I've been developing over the last
decade:

- User-friendly API design

- High performance IO and data access

- Fast and expressive computational engines


With regards to open source and business, there's a couple of interesting
trends happening right now, in my view:

Companies not participating in open source (as users and/or developers) are
 getting left behind
Many of the best software engineers won't work for a company that forbids
 them from working on open source projects (I certainly would not).

## pandas 2.0

Over the last year, we have been publicly discussing a plan to improve the
internals of pandas to better suit the needs of today's data problems. I spoke
a bit about this [in a recent talk](http://www.slideshare.net/wesm/python-data-wrangling-preparing-for-the-future).

General speaking, the goals of pandas 2.0 are:

- Fixing design warts and accumulated technical debt from the last 9 years.

- Faster single-threaded performance

- More efficient memory management, less memory usage

- Improved performance and scalability through true multithreaded execution


My goal is to deliver the same quality pandas user experience on 10x as much
data. pandas works well on 1GB of data, but less well on 10GB. This has to
change for pandas to remain a relevant tool in the future.

In the meantime, the pandas team is toiling away with a major 0.20 release in
the works, followed by **pandas 1.0**, which will mark a period of API
stability while we work on refactoring the pandas core.

## Apache Arrow

Last February, we announced [Apache Arrow](http://arrow.apache.org/), a collaboration amongst open
source data projects to establish a standard for high-performance in-memory
columnar data structures and IO.

Arrow development has been proceeding well since then. We recently reached a
major development milestone by achieving full binary compatibility between the
initial Java and C++ library implementations. This is a critical step in
delivering high performance IO between the JVM (and systems like Spark) and
C/C++ or Python-based systems.

One of my goals in building Arrow's C++ libraries is to facilitate low-overhead
columnar memory management and high performance, multithreaded IO in pandas
2.0. When I can, I will write some posts about these tools and how they help.

While pandas 2.0 is in development, we'll continue to do work to make Arrow a
high speed "data conduit" for data en route to or from the current production
version of pandas.

## Apache Parquet for Python

In 2016, we've worked to create a [production-grade C++ library](http://github.com/apache/parquet-cpp) for reading
and writing the Apache Parquet file format. En route, I became a committer and
then a PMC member of Apache Parquet. [Uwe Korn](https://github.com/xhochy), from Blue Yonder, has also
become a Parquet committer.

As Parquet is columnar file format designed for small size and IO efficiency,
Arrow is an in-memory columnar container ideal as a transport layer to and from
Parquet.

To read and write Parquet files from Python using Arrow and parquet-cpp, you
can install `pyarrow` from conda-forge:

Then, the code to read looks like:

We'll be writing more documentation and blog posts about Parquet in the coming
months.

Continuum Analytics recently started developing a separate Parquet
implementation for Python that uses Numba for accelerating encoding and
decoding routines. I'm glad to see more Python developers working on these
problems.

## Feather file format

Earlier this year, I worked with [Hadley Wickham](http://hadley.nz/.) to design and deliver the
[Feather file format](http://github.com/wesm/feather) for R and Python. Feather uses Apache Arrow's columnar
representation and sports a simple metadata specification that can handle the
main R and Python data types.

As time has passed, as one might expect, quite a bit of code overlap has
developed between Feather's C++ and Python components and Apache Arrow's
respective C++ and Python libraries. To address this, I'm planning to merge the
Feather implementation into the Arrow codebase, which will enable me to provide
better performance and new features to Feather users.

## Improving PySpark

PySpark, the Python API for [Apache Spark](http://spark.apache.org/.), has well known performance
issues (compared with Scala equivalents) around data serialization (Spark's
`DataFrame.toPandas` and `sqlContext.createDataFrame`) and relatedly UDF
evaluation (`rdd.map`, `rdd.mapPartition`, or `sqlContext.registerFunction`).

In line with the above work on fast columnar IO for Python and the JVM using
Arrow, some of my Two Sigma colleagues and I are collaborating with IBM and the
Spark community to accelerate PySpark using these new technologies. If you
would like to get involved with this, please let me know.

The PySpark-Arrow work is progressing well, and we should have some interesting
updates to share in February at the [Spark Summit East conference](https://spark-summit.org/east-2017).

## Update on Ibis

Last, but not least, I am still maintaining [Ibis](http://github.com/cloudera/ibis) and helping its users
how I can. I'm proud of the level of deep SQL semantic support that Ibis
provides its users. You can write very complex queries with pandas-like Python
code that is composable and reusable.

As pandas 2.0 progresses, I am interested in building an in-memory backend for
Ibis. I had thought about doing this in the past, but decided it would be
better to wait.
