---
layout:     post
title:      Don't sell on Amazon
subtitle:   转载自：http://wesmckinney.com/blog/dont-sell-on-amazon/
date:       2015-03-30
author:     Wes McKinney
header-img: img/background1.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - amazon
    - shyp
    - returns
    - buyers
    - guarantee
---





** Mon 30 March 2015

 

Selling your stuff on Amazon is a losing game, and I don't recommend that you do it.

Let me tell you what happened to me recently.

I wasn't using my iPad so I decided to sell it on Amazon.

Boom, sold. February 10 it sells, I ship with Shyp same day.

**23 days later**, the buyer requests to return it to me with the comments **"Perfectly described and in great condition. Was shipped fast. But had to return since I received another one from work."**.

After a couple of days we agree to a 10% restocking fee. Then I get the following note from the buyer:

> 
Thanks for authorizing. That's good news. However, I totally messed up the return. I tried Shyp since that's how you sent it and Shyp seemed like a great service. So I clicked on the Online Purchase Return on Shyp, entered the order number for Amazon, and then a Shyp Hero came to pick up the iPad Mini 2. Off it went.
After a while, I realized that they probably don't know to send it to YOU. So I checked with them and lo behold, they sent it to the Amazon Return Center in Las Vegas. I contacted Amazon about it, and Amazon said that they understand and they're going to return the item back to me, the sender, but it will take 4 to 6 weeks and I'll have to contact you to see if this is okay.
Sorry I thought this would be easier. Please let me know if this is okay with you.
Embarrassed,
X


Frustrated, and knowing I have zero leverage as a seller on Amazon, I consent and state that I'll refund the buyer as soon as I receive the iPad back a couple months later.

Lo and behold, 2 weeks later, the buyer **requests an A-to-Z Guarantee Claim** demanding a refund, stating:

> 
We have received a claim under the A-to-z Guarantee program for the order [ORDER NUMBER REDACTED] because the buyer in this transaction believes the item(s) sent were materially different from how they were listed. This could mean that the item(s) are defective or damaged, that the wrong item(s) were sent, or that the item condition and/or details are different from what was represented in the product listing
The buyer's comments were "the customer requested a return mailing label and the seller approved the request and the customer sent the ipad to our returns center in Las Vegas and it was received on 3/11. The customer called and was told that we would send the ipad back to him in 3-5 days and he has not received the ipad back from us. He shipped the ipad with a service called Shyp which is affiliated with Fed Ex and the tracking number is [TRACKING NUMBER REDACTED].
the customer will be moving in the next week and would like to confirm that the ipad is sent to the correct address:
[ADDRESS REDACTED]"


I wrote back, "Yes, I will refund as soon as I receive the iPad back." A week passes and **Amazon goes ahead and issues a refund out of my pocket**.

Needless to say, this is insanity, and nothing can stop unscrupulous Amazon Marketplace buyers from exploiting you as a seller and conning you out of money they pay you. In this case, I doubt I will ever receive the iPad back, so Amazon/the buyer **effectively just stole it from me**.

Thank you, Amazon. Our business together on the Amazon Marketplace is complete, and I encourage all readers not to sell your stuff with Amazon either, if you actually want to get paid for it.
