---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      How to Become A Successful Data Analyst?
subtitle:      转载自：https://dimensionless.in/how-to-become-a-successful-data-analyst/
date:      2019-03-14
author:      Kartik Singh
tags:
    - jobs
    - learning
    - science
    - scientists
    - technical
---

### Introduction

The constant evolution of technology has meant data and information is being generated at a rate unlike ever before, and it’s only on the rise. Furthermore, according to research from Data61 in 2016, the world creates an additional 2.5 quintillion bytes of data each year, and 90 percent of all data in existence at the time was created in the two years prior to the study.

So what does this mean for businesses, and the professionals who help them tick? The short answer is that the demand for people skilled in analyzing, interpreting and using this data is already high, and is set to grow exponentially over the coming years. Also, these new roles cover all aspect from strategy, operations to governance. Hence, the current and future demand will require more data scientists, data engineers, data strategists, and Chief Data Officers.

### Who is a Data Analyst?

A data analyst is someone who collects, processes and performs statistical analysis of data. Furthermore, he or she can translate numbers and data into plain English in order to help organizations and companies understand how to make better business decisions. Whether it be market research, sales figures, logistics, or transportation costs, every business collects data. Additionally, a data analyst will take that data and figure out a variety of things, such as how to price new materials, how to reduce transportation costs, or how to deal with issues that cost the company money.

Data analysts need to have the ability to not only decipher data but to report and explain what differences in numbers mean when looked at from year to year or across various departments. Because data analysts are often the ones with the best sense of why the numbers are the way they are, they are often asked to advise project managers and department heads concerning certain data points and how they can be changed or improved over a period of time.

Data analysts may have the following responsibilities:

- Working with technology teams, management and/or data scientists to set goals

- Mining data from primary and secondary sources

- Cleaning and Dissecting data to get rid of irrelevant information

- Analyzing and Interpreting results using statistical tools and techniques

- Pinpointing trends and patterns in data sets

- Identifying new opportunities for process improvement

- Providing data reports for management

- Designing, creating and maintaining databases and data systems

- Fixing code problems and data-related issues


### Job Demand

The market is booming, and how! The demand for data professionals is at an all-time high, with companies across sectors ramping up their recruitments. Hence, data analytics has become a major factor in decision making and this has led to the soaring demand for data analytics professionals. It is not just about new jobs being created; companies are eager to upskill and reskill their existing workforce to be data ready.

Data analyst jobs are one of the top paid jobs worldwide. In the USA, job holders pocket a hefty annual package ranging anywhere between $90,000 to $126,000 depending on job role and organization. Also, It has even been labeled the “hottest corporate job of 2016”. Even if we look at the job scene back home in India, data scientists and analysts still top the best-paid jobs list, with reports indicating that a newbie analytics professional can rake in a cool average pay of Rs. 6 lacs per annum (LPA). This figure doubles for someone with over 7 years of work experience with packages starting at Rs. 12 LPA and above. From what the trends suggest, the demand and the associated pay for analysts are not going to come down anytime soon.

### Skills in Demand

A formal education program for pursuing lucrative data scientist career is a Master’s degree or a PhD. But, there are notable exceptions to having a formal degree — as any person with in-depth knowledge in Computer Science and a strong educational background can become a data scientist. Furthermore, the most common subjects of study for a data scientist are Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science and Engineering. Moreover, professionals who are not from a computer science background need not worry as there are several educational institutions offering undergraduate programs for data science that are similar to computer science degrees.

### Technical Data Scientist Skills

To pursue a successful big data scientist career, a professional must master diverse technologies, particularly the open-source ones such as R Language, Java, C++, Python Programming, Hadoop and possess a good grasp of various NoSQL database technologies like MongoDB, HBase, and CouchDB.

#### 1) Python and R

Statistics is the heart of data science programming and thus it is a must for a professional to develop expertise in Python and R language to become an “Enterprise Data Scientist” and not just a data scientist. Also, it is necessary to learn R and Python programming on real big data system landscape like Hadoop, Oracle or SAP HANA so that professionals can build industry use-cases, related to Workforce Analytics, Customer Analytics, and Marketing Analytics using various data science techniques like machine learning, statistical computing, mathematical models, and algorithms.

#### 2) Hadoop

As data science involves large scale data analysis, exploring large datasets, mining them and accelerating data-driven innovation — a data scientist must learn Hadoop, as it is a popular open source tool for managing and manipulating large datasets from multiple repositories. Furthermore, a data scientist must be familiar with various Hadoop components like Distributed File System, MapReduce, Pig, Hive, Sqoop, and Flume. Experience with Hive and Pig comes as an excellent selling point for data scientists. Experience in cloud tools like Amazon S3 along with Hadoop adds value to the knowledge base of a data scientist.

#### 3) NoSQL

It is important for a data scientist to work with unstructured data whether it is in the form of audio feeds, video feeds, social media updates or biometric data. Data science majorly deals with analyzing unstructured data and thus expert knowledge in various NoSQL databases like MongoDB or HBase is a must — to write and execute complex queries on unstructured data.

#### 4) Machine Learning

A data scientist should have a deep understanding of data mining, supervised/ unsupervised learning and pattern recognition. Some of the machine learning concepts that need to be mastered are Neural Nets, Decision Trees, SVM, and Clustering. This expertise can be gained by taking a course that helps you get your hands dirty with data and juggle with it.

#### 5)Data Visualization Tools

There is a saying a picture is worth a thousand words. It is necessary for a data scientist to master the skills of communicating data-driven insights in a visually effective manner. Data scientists should be capable of describing the findings in a manner that can be interpreted by both technical and non-technical audience. Thus, in-depth knowledge of various data visualization tools like Tableau, D3.js, and ggplot helps data scientists provide clear insight into their data-driven insights.

### Non-Technical Data Scientist Skills

#### 1) 3 C’s-

The role of data scientist is strongly driven by the 3 C’s-**Curiosity, Common Sense, and Communication Skills**. In most cases, the organization is not aware that it has a data-driven problem. But, the curiosity of a data scientist can bring in opportunities for deriving meaningful insights from data. To formulate any problem definition, common sense and business, domain knowledge of a data scientist play a vital role.

A great data scientist communicates with various people in an enterprise. It helps him/her to ensure that the course of action for a given problem is on the right path. Organisations require data scientists who can convey the technical findings of a data-driven problem to non-technical teams.

A data scientist has to communicate and understand application requirements and business requirements. Also, he needs to find out relationships between the mined big data and convey them to other teams. And to get all these things done the right way, a data scientist must have storytelling skills. Because then, he/she can use the data to tell a story effectively that is easy for everyone to understand.

#### 2) Innovation

A data scientist does not merely look around and play with data. A great data scientist must be innovative and creative with his/her thinking capabilities. He/She should have an eagerness to learn more and find out novel things with his/her out of box creativeness. The creativity of a data scientist helps them determine where data can add value and bring in profitable results for an organization.

#### 3) Data Intuition

To become a successful big data scientist, it is not just enough to master technical skills but it is mandatory for a data scientist to have an intuition about data. A good data scientist is not one who just inputs all possible features into a machine learning model and analyses the output. The foremost thing a big data scientist must do before giving inputs to the machine learning model is checking if the data makes sense. The various kind of questions that a big data scientist should think of are-

- Which machine learning model should they use based on the data distribution?

- What does it mean if a data point is missing and what is the action they can take to deal with a missing data point?


The answers to all such questions vary, based on the kind of problems a data scientist is solving and the manner in which they log data. A successful data scientist has to look for all possible scenarios and adapt to them.

#### 4) Business Expertise

Data scientists need to possess strong business expertise in the industry that they are working in, to gain a better understanding of what problems the company is trying to solve. The field of data science requires identifying the problems that are critical for a business and what are the new strategies that can be adapted to leverage the data to solve those problems.

### Learning Plan

Here are the steps I recommend:

##### **1. Pick a topic you’re passionate or curious about.**

Cats, fitness, startups, politics, bees, education, human rights, heirloom tomatoes, labour markets. Research what datasets are available out there, or datasets you could create or obtain with minimal effort and expense. Perhaps you already work at a company that has unique data, or perhaps you can volunteer at a nonprofit that does. The goal is to answer interesting questions or build something cool in a week (it will take longer, but this will steer you towards something manageable).

Did you find enough to start digging in? Are you excited about the questions you could ask and curious about the answers? Could you combine this data with other datasets to produce original insights that others have not explored yet? Census data, zip-code or state level demographic data, weather and climate are popular choices.

##### **2. Write the tweet first**

You’ll probably never actually tweet this, and you probably think tweets are a frivolous avenue to disseminate scientific findings. But it’s essential that you write 1–2 sentences about your (hypothetical) findings *before* you start. Be realistic (especially about being able to do this in a week) and optimistic (about actually having any findings, or them being interesting). Think of a likely scenario; it won’t be accurate (you can make things up at this point), but you’ll know if this is even worth pursuing.

Remember, at this point, you have not written any code or done any of the data work yet, beyond researching datasets and superficially understanding which technologies and tools are in demand and what they do, broadly speaking. It’s much easier to iterate at this stage. It sounds obvious, but people are eager to jump into a random tutorial or class to feel productive and soon sink months into a project that is going nowhere.

##### **3. Do work**

Explore the data. Clean it. Graph it. Repeat. Look at the top 10 most frequent values for each column. Study the outliers. Check the distributions. Look for correlations and missing data. Try various clustering and classification algorithms. Debug. Learn why they worked or didn’t on your data. Build data pipelines on AWS if your data is big. Try various NLP libraries on your unstructured text data. Yes, you might learn Spark, numpy, pandas, nltk, matrix factorization, and TensorFlow — not to check a box next to a laundry list, but because you need it to accomplish something you care about. Be a detective. Come up with new questions and unexpected directions. See if things make sense.

##### **4. Communicate**

Write up your findings in simple language, with clean, compelling visualizations that are easy to grasp in seconds. You’ll learn several data viz tools in the process, which I highly recommend (it’s an underrated investment in your skills). Have a clean, interesting demo or video if you built a prototype. Technical details and code should be a link away. Send it around and get feedback. This being public will hold yourself to a higher standard and will result in good quality code, writing and visualizations.

### Summary

Landing a data science job is not as difficult as people portray it to be. If you are willing to study the field and develop useful skills, you are well on your way up.

The interviews often determine the outcome of your application. So while skills are necessary, don’t neglect to prepare to ace the interview like a pro. Cheers to your success!

Follow this link, if you are looking to learn more about data science online!

You can follow this link for our Big Data course!

Additionally, if you are having an interest in learning Data Science, click here to start

Furthermore, if you want to read more about data science, you can read our blogs here

 
