---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Building tidy tools workshop
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/eL_lT0AfSp4/
date:      2019-03-08
author:      Roger Oberg
tags:
    - rstudio
    - data
    - tools workshop
    - sydney
    - design
---





Join RStudio Chief Data Scientist Hadley Wickham for his popular “Building tidy tools” workshop in Sydney, Australia! If you’d missed the sold out course at rstudio::conf 2019 now is your chance.

Register here: https://www.rstudio.com/workshops/building-tidy-tools/

You should take this class if you have some experience programming in R and you want to learn how to tackle larger-scale problems. You’ll get the most if you’re already familiar with the basics of functions (i.e., you’ve written a few) and are comfortable with R’s basic data structures (vectors, matrices, arrays, lists, and data frames). There is approximately a 30% overlap in the material with Hadley’s previous “R Masterclass”. However, the material has been substantially reorganised, so if you’ve taken the R Masterclass in the past, you’ll still learn a lot in this class.

### What will I learn?

This course has three primary goals. You will:

- Learn efficient workflows for developing high-quality R functions, using the set of codified conventions of good package design. You’ll also learn workflows for unit testing, which helps ensure that your functions do exactly what you think they do.

- Master the art of writing functions that do one thing well and can be fluently combined together to solve more complex problems. We’ll cover common function-writing pitfalls and how to avoid them.

- Learn best practices for API design, programming tools, object design in S3, and the tidy eval system for NSE.


**When** – WEDNESDAY, MAY 1, 2019, 8:00AM – THURSDAY, MAY 2, 2019, 5:00PM

**Where** – The Westin Sydney, 1 Martin Pl, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia

**Who** – Hadley Wickham, Chief Scientist at RStudio

Build your skills and learn from the best at this rare in-person workshop – the only Australia workshop from Hadley in 2019.

Register here: https://www.rstudio.com/workshops/building-tidy-tools/

Discounts are available for 5 or more attendees from any organization, and for students.

Please email [email protected] if you have any questions about the workshop that aren’t answered on the registration page.


*Related*








---
