---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Ursa Labs February 2019 Report
subtitle:      转载自：http://wesmckinney.com/blog/ursa-labs-february-2019/
date:      2019-03-06
author:      Wes McKinney
tags:
    - arrow
    - projects
    - projections
    - development
    - developers
---





** Wed 06 March 2019

 

The team had a busy 28 days this February. The Apache Arrow community is
discussing a 0.13 release toward the end of March, so we spent February helping
the project toward the next release milestone. We have been pushing projects on
multiple fronts and discuss some of those here.

The Apache Arrow project just had its 3rd birthday, and we are pleased
to report that the community is thriving and growing fast after only a short
time as a top-level project in The Apache Software Foundation. We're really
looking forward to what the next few years will bring as the Arrow columnar
format and cross-language development platform becomes even more widely
adopted.

## Open Roles in the Team

We have open roles in the team for an Engineering Manager and Senior
Software Engineer. Ursa Labs is a rare opportunity to spend 100% of your
time on an ambitious and wide-reaching open source systems project. These are
full-time remote roles, so if you live in NYC or the Bay Area and would like to
move somewhere else (I think Nashville is pretty great) this could be your
chance.

## Sponsor Acknowledgements

We are grateful to the support of our sponsors:

- RStudio

- NVIDIA AI Lab

- ODSC Conference

- Two Sigma Investments


If you or your company would be interested in sponsoring the work of Ursa Labs,
please contact us at **info@ursalabs.org**.

## Development Highlights

One significant project not represented in the Apache Arrow open source project
is setting up a **physical build and test cluster** for Ursa Labs. NVIDIA has
provided us two DGX stations and a Jetson TX2 (Aarch64-based computer). To this
we have added a 2018 Mac Mini and will continue to add machines as needed. This
build cluster will be used for nightly tests and packaging builds as well as
performance benchmarking. The Arrow community has been discussion public daily
performance benchmarking and there is a new SQL schema for a proposed
benchmark database.

In Apache Arrow, we have been working in several areas:

**Line-delimited JSON reader**: an initial C++ implementation of
 reading JSON files to the Arrow columnar format. We have more work to do
 here, but this work will form the basis of utilizing directories of JSON
 files as a data source for in-memory query processing
**Arrow Flight, a new RPC / messaging system**: we have been collaborating
 with Two Sigma, one of our gracious sponsors, and Dremio on the development
 of this new gRPC-based Arrow-native messaging framework. We believe this will
 form the backbone of future distributed systems powered by Apache Arrow.
**C++ Arrow Dataset Framework**: we have proposed a general purpose C++
 framework for interacting with large datasets stored in a number of
 different formats. This is an essential component for general-purpose
 in-memory query processing. This work will replace and generalize some of the
 pure Python code we have already for `pyarrow.parquet.ParquetDataset`
**Computational Kernels**: to lay the foundations for an Arrow-native
 in-memory query engine, we have been implementing aggregation functions to
 enable parallel aggregation of Arrow datasets
**Gandiva testing and packaging support**: we are working diligent to make it
 possible to ship Gandiva, our LLVM-based expression compiler (for
 projections and filters), in various package artifacts including Python
 wheels and conda packages
**User-defined Extension Types in C++**: we have proposed an initial C++
 API for defining custom data types in C++ (eventually for Python,
 too) that are backed by one of the one of the built-in Arrow columnar data types
**LLVM 7 migration**: we have upgraded the project, including the Gandiva, to
 use the stable LLVM 7 version

## Upcoming Focus Areas

In March one of our main priorities will be working with the Arrow community to
get the 0.13 release out the door. We will be focusing in several areas to
follow on with the above:

Getting our build cluster up and running, to help make Arrow developers more
 productive, and helping set up automated daily performance benchmarks with
 the Arrow community
Working toward getting initial Arrow Flight support into our packages (like
 conda packages and Python wheels)
- Continuing to develop and improve our computational kernels

New data type additions to the Arrow format: the community is discussing a
 new-and-improved timedelta or interval type, as well as a "packed C struct"
 data type. We are interested in helping implement these new data types. See
 the Arrow developer mailing list for more

## Team Changelog

The team had 68 commits merged into Apache Arrow in February 2019. You can
click on the ASF JIRA links to learn more about the discussion on a particular
issue or the commit hash to see each patch.

(Note of the patches from early in the month have "February 8" commit date due
to a rebase)
