---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Whats new on arXiv
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/03/21/whats-new-on-arxiv-924/
date:      2019-03-21
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - models
    - model methods
    - networks
    - learns
    - learned
---

**Machine learning meets quantum physics**

The marriage of machine learning and quantum physics may give birth to a new research frontier that could transform both.

**QuickStop: A Markov Optimal Stopping Approach for Quickest Misinformation Detection**

This paper combines data-driven and model-driven methods for real-time misinformation detection. Our algorithm, named QuickStop, is an optimal stopping algorithm based on a probabilistic information spreading model obtained from labeled data. The algorithm consists of an offline machine learning algorithm for learning the probabilistic information spreading model and an online optimal stopping algorithm to detect misinformation. The online detection algorithm has both low computational and memory complexities. Our numerical evaluations with a real-world dataset show that QuickStop outperforms existing misinformation detection algorithms in terms of both accuracy and detection time (number of observations needed for detection). Our evaluations with synthetic data further show that QuickStop is robust to (offline) learning errors.

**A Capsule-unified Framework of Deep Neural Networks for Graphical Programming**

Recently, the growth of deep learning has produced a large number of deep neural networks. How to describe these networks unifiedly is becoming an important issue. We first formalize neural networks in a mathematical definition, give their directed graph representations, and prove a generation theorem about the induced networks of connected directed acyclic graphs. Then, using the concept of capsule to extend neural networks, we set up a capsule-unified framework for deep learning, including a mathematical definition of capsules, an induced model for capsule networks and a universal backpropagation algorithm for training them. Finally, we discuss potential applications of the framework to graphical programming with standard graphical symbols of capsules, neurons, and connections.

**The Iterated Local Model for Social Networks**

On-line social networks, such as in Facebook and Twitter, are often studied from the perspective of friendship ties between agents in the network. Adversarial ties, however, also play an important role in the structure and function of social networks, but are often hidden. Underlying generative mechanisms of social networks are predicted by structural balance theory, which postulates that triads of agents, prefer to be transitive, where friends of friends are more likely friends, or anti-transitive, where adversaries of adversaries become friends. The previously proposed Iterated Local Transitivity (ILT) and Iterated Local Anti-Transitivity (ILAT) models incorporated transitivity and anti-transitivity, respectively, as evolutionary mechanisms. These models resulted in graphs with many observable properties of social networks, such as low diameter, high clustering, and densification. We propose a new, generative model, referred to as the Iterated Local Model (ILM) for social networks synthesizing both transitive and anti-transitive triads over time. In ILM, we are given a countably infinite binary sequence as input, and that sequence determines whether we apply a transitive or an anti-transitive step. The resulting model exhibits many properties of complex networks observed in the ILT and ILAT models. In particular, for any input binary sequence, we show that asymptotically the model generates finite graphs that densify, have clustering coefficient bounded away from 0, have diameter at most 3, and exhibit bad spectral expansion. We also give a thorough analysis of the chromatic number, domination number, Hamiltonicity, and isomorphism types of induced subgraphs of ILM graphs.

**GOGGLES: Automatic Training Data Generation with Affinity Coding**

**Nuanced Metrics for Measuring Unintended Bias with Real Data for Text Classification**

Unintended bias in Machine Learning can manifest as systemic differences in performance for different demographic groups, potentially compounding existing challenges to fairness in society at large. In this paper, we introduce a suite of threshold-agnostic metrics that provide a nuanced view of this unintended bias, by considering the various ways that a classifier’s score distribution can vary across designated groups. We also introduce a large new test set of online comments with crowd-sourced annotations for identity references. We use this to show how our metrics can be used to find new and potentially subtle unintended bias in existing public models.

**Financial Trading Model with Stock Bar Chart Image Time Series with Deep Convolutional Neural Networks**

Even though computational intelligence techniques have been extensively utilized in financial trading systems, almost all developed models use the time series data for price prediction or identifying buy-sell points. However, in this study we decided to use 2-D stock bar chart images directly without introducing any additional time series associated with the underlying stock. We propose a novel algorithmic trading model CNN-BI (Convolutional Neural Network with Bar Images) using a 2-D Convolutional Neural Network. We generated 2-D images of sliding windows of 30-day bar charts for Dow 30 stocks and trained a deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) model for our algorithmic trading model. We tested our model separately between 2007-2012 and 2012-2017 for representing different market conditions. The results indicate that the model was able to outperform Buy and Hold strategy, especially in trendless or bear markets. Since this is a preliminary study and probably one of the first attempts using such an unconventional approach, there is always potential for improvement. Overall, the results are promising and the model might be integrated as part of an ensemble trading model combined with different strategies.

**Generalized Sparse Additive Models**

We present a unified framework for estimation and analysis of generalized additive models in high dimensions. The framework defines a large class of penalized regression estimators, encompassing many existing methods. An efficient computational algorithm for this class is presented that easily scales to thousands of observations and features. We prove minimax optimal convergence bounds for this class under a weak compatibility condition. In addition, we characterize the rate of convergence when this compatibility condition is not met. Finally, we also show that the optimal penalty parameters for structure and sparsity penalties in our framework are linked, allowing cross-validation to be conducted over only a single tuning parameter. We complement our theoretical results with empirical studies comparing some existing methods within this framework.

**Joint Time Series and Cross-Section Limit Theory under Mixingale Assumptions**

In this paper we complement joint time series and cross-section convergence results of Hahn, Kuersteiner and Mazzocco (2016) by allowing for serial correlation in the time series sample. The implications of our analysis are limiting distributions that have a well known form of long run variances for the time series limit. We obtain these results at the cost of imposing strict stationarity for the time series model and conditional independence between the time series and cross-section samples. Our results can be applied to estimators that combine time series and cross-section data in the presence of aggregate uncertainty in models with rationally forward looking agents.

**Accelerated Learning in the Presence of Time Varying Features with Applications to Machine Learning and Adaptive Control**

Features in machine learning problems are often time varying and may be related to outputs in an algebraic or dynamical manner. The dynamic nature of these machine learning problems renders current accelerated gradient descent methods unstable or weakens their convergence guarantees. This paper proposes algorithms for the case when time varying features are present, and demonstrates provable performance guarantees. We develop a variational perspective within a continuous time algorithm. This variational perspective includes, among other things, higher-order learning concepts and normalization, both of which stem from adaptive control, and allows stability to be established for dynamical machine learning problems. These higher-order algorithms are also examined for achieving accelerated learning in adaptive control. Simulations are provided to verify the theoretical results.

**Transfer Adaptation Learning: A Decade Survey**

The world we see is ever-changing and it always changes with people, things, and the environment. Domain is referred to as the state of the world at a certain moment. A research problem is characterized as domain transfer adaptation when it needs knowledge correspondence between different moments. Conventional machine learning aims to find a model with the minimum expected risk on test data by minimizing the regularized empirical risk on the training data, which, however, supposes that the training and test data share similar joint probability distribution. Transfer adaptation learning aims to build models that can perform tasks of target domain by learning knowledge from a semantic related but distribution different source domain. It is an energetic research filed of increasing influence and importance. This paper surveys the recent advances in transfer adaptation learning methodology and potential benchmarks. Broader challenges being faced by transfer adaptation learning researchers are identified, i.e., instance re-weighting adaptation, feature adaptation, classifier adaptation, deep network adaptation, and adversarial adaptation, which are beyond the early semi-supervised and unsupervised split. The survey provides researchers a framework for better understanding and identifying the research status, challenges and future directions of the field.

**Knowledge Adaptation for Efficient Semantic Segmentation**

Both accuracy and efficiency are of significant importance to the task of semantic segmentation. Existing deep FCNs suffer from heavy computations due to a series of high-resolution feature maps for preserving the detailed knowledge in dense estimation. Although reducing the feature map resolution (i.e., applying a large overall stride) via subsampling operations (e.g., pooling and convolution striding) can instantly increase the efficiency, it dramatically decreases the estimation accuracy. To tackle this dilemma, we propose a knowledge distillation method tailored for semantic segmentation to improve the performance of the compact FCNs with large overall stride. To handle the inconsistency between the features of the student and teacher network, we optimize the feature similarity in a transferred latent domain formulated by utilizing a pre-trained autoencoder. Moreover, an affinity distillation module is proposed to capture the long-range dependency by calculating the non-local interactions across the whole image. To validate the effectiveness of our proposed method, extensive experiments have been conducted on three popular benchmarks: Pascal VOC, Cityscapes and Pascal Context. Built upon a highly competitive baseline, our proposed method can improve the performance of a student network by 2.5\% (mIOU boosts from 70.2 to 72.7 on the cityscapes test set) and can train a better compact model with only 8\% float operations (FLOPS) of a model that achieves comparable performances.

**Practical Multi-fidelity Bayesian Optimization for Hyperparameter Tuning**

Bayesian optimization is popular for optimizing time-consuming black-box objectives. Nonetheless, for hyperparameter tuning in deep neural networks, the time required to evaluate the validation error for even a few hyperparameter settings remains a bottleneck. Multi-fidelity optimization promises relief using cheaper proxies to such objectives — for example, validation error for a network trained using a subset of the training points or fewer iterations than required for convergence. We propose a highly flexible and practical approach to multi-fidelity Bayesian optimization, focused on efficiently optimizing hyperparameters for iteratively trained supervised learning models. We introduce a new acquisition function, the trace-aware knowledge-gradient, which efficiently leverages both multiple continuous fidelity controls and trace observations — values of the objective at a sequence of fidelities, available when varying fidelity using training iterations. We provide a provably convergent method for optimizing our acquisition function and show it outperforms state-of-the-art alternatives for hyperparameter tuning of deep neural networks and large-scale kernel learning.

**Interaction Embeddings for Prediction and Explanation in Knowledge Graphs**

Knowledge graph embedding aims to learn distributed representations for entities and relations, and is proven to be effective in many applications. Crossover interactions — bi-directional effects between entities and relations — help select related information when predicting a new triple, but haven’t been formally discussed before. In this paper, we propose CrossE, a novel knowledge graph embedding which explicitly simulates crossover interactions. It not only learns one general embedding for each entity and relation as most previous methods do, but also generates multiple triple specific embeddings for both of them, named interaction embeddings. We evaluate embeddings on typical link prediction tasks and find that CrossE achieves state-of-the-art results on complex and more challenging datasets. Furthermore, we evaluate embeddings from a new perspective — giving explanations for predicted triples, which is important for real applications. In this work, an explanation for a triple is regarded as a reliable closed-path between the head and the tail entity. Compared to other baselines, we show experimentally that CrossE, benefiting from interaction embeddings, is more capable of generating reliable explanations to support its predictions.

**SmartEDA: An R Package for Automated Exploratory Data Analysis**

This paper introduces SmartEDA, which is an R package for performing Exploratory data analysis (EDA). EDA is generally the first step that one needs to perform before developing any machine learning or statistical models. The goal of EDA is to help someone perform the initial investigation to know more about the data via descriptive statistics and visualizations. In other words, the objective of EDA is to summarize and explore the data. The need for EDA became one of the factors that led to the development of various statistical computing packages over the years including the R programming language that is a very popular and currently the most widely used software for statistical computing. However, EDA is a very tedious task, requires some manual effort and some of the open source packages available in R are not just upto the mark. In this paper, we propose a new open source package i.e. SmartEDA for R to address the need for automation of exploratory data analysis. We discuss the various features of SmartEDA and illustrate some of its applications for generating actionable insights using a couple of real-world datasets. We also perform a comparative study of SmartEDA with respect to other packages available for exploratory data analysis in the Comprehensive R Archive Network (CRAN).

**Paradox in Deep Neural Networks: Similar yet Different while Different yet Similar**

Machine learning is advancing towards a data-science approach, implying a necessity to a line of investigation to divulge the knowledge learnt by deep neuronal networks. Limiting the comparison among networks merely to a predefined intelligent ability, according to ground truth, does not suffice, it should be associated with innate similarity of these artificial entities. Here, we analysed multiple instances of an identical architecture trained to classify objects in static images (CIFAR and ImageNet data sets). We evaluated the performance of the networks under various distortions and compared it to the intrinsic similarity between their constituent kernels. While we expected a close correspondence between these two measures, we observed a puzzling phenomenon. Pairs of networks whose kernels’ weights are over 99.9% correlated can exhibit significantly different performances, yet other pairs with no correlation can reach quite compatible levels of performance. We show implications of this for transfer learning, and argue its importance in our general understanding of what intelligence is, whether natural or artificial.

**ROC and AUC with a Binary Predictor: a Potentially Misleading Metric**

In analysis of binary outcomes, the receiver operator characteristic (ROC) curve is heavily used to show the performance of a model or algorithm. The ROC curve is informative about the performance over a series of thresholds and can be summarized by the area under the curve (AUC), a single number. When a predictor is categorical, the ROC curve has only as many thresholds as the one less than number of categories; when the predictor is binary there is only one threshold. As the AUC may be used in decision-making processes on determining the best model, it important to discuss how it agrees with the intuition from the ROC curve. We discuss how the interpolation of the curve between thresholds with binary predictors can largely change the AUC. Overall, we believe a linear interpolation from the ROC curve with binary predictors, which is most commonly done in software, corresponding to the estimated AUC. We believe these ROC curves and AUC can lead to misleading results. We compare R, Python, Stata, and SAS software implementations.

**Discriminative Principal Component Analysis: A REVERSE THINKING**

In this paper, we propose a novel approach named by Discriminative Principal Component Analysis which is abbreviated as Discriminative PCA in order to enhance separability of PCA by Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA). The proposed method performs feature extraction by determining a linear projection that captures the most scattered discriminative information. The most innovation of Discriminative PCA is performing PCA on discriminative matrix rather than original sample matrix. For calculating the required discriminative matrix under low complexity, we exploit LDA on a converted matrix to obtain within-class matrix and between-class matrix thereof. During the computation process, we utilise direct linear discriminant analysis (DLDA) to solve the encountered SSS problem. For evaluating the performances of Discriminative PCA in face recognition, we analytically compare it with DLAD and PCA on four well known facial databases, they are PIE, FERET, YALE and ORL respectively. Results in accuracy and running time obtained by nearest neighbour classifier are compared when different number of training images per person used. Not only the superiority and outstanding performance of Discriminative PCA showed in recognition rate, but also the comparable results of running time.

**The conditionally autoregressive hidden Markov model (CarHMM): Inferring behavioural states from animal tracking data exhibiting conditional autocorrelation**

One of the central interests of animal movement ecology is relating movement characteristics to behavioural characteristics. The traditional discrete-time statistical tool for inferring unobserved behaviours from movement data is the hidden Markov model (HMM). While the HMM is an important and powerful tool, sometimes it is not flexible enough to appropriately fit the data. Data for marine animals often exhibit conditional autocorrelation, self-dependence of the step length process which cannot be explained solely by the behavioural state, which violates one of the main assumptions of the HMM. Using a grey seal track as an example, along with multiple simulation scenarios, we motivate and develop the conditionally autoregressive hidden Markov model (CarHMM), which is a generalization of the HMM designed specifically to handle conditional autocorrelation. In addition to introducing and examining the new CarHMM, we provide guidelines for all stages of an analysis using either an HMM or CarHMM. These include guidelines for pre-processing location data to obtain deflection angles and step lengths, model selection, and model checking. In addition to these practical guidelines, we link estimated model parameters to biologically meaningful quantities such as activity budget and residency time. We also provide interpretations of traditional ‘foraging’ and ‘transiting’ behaviours in the context of the new CarHMM parameters.

**Termite: A System for Tunneling Through Heterogeneous Data**

Data-driven analysis is important in virtually every modern organization. Yet, most data is underutilized because it remains locked in silos inside of organizations; large organizations have thousands of databases, and billions of files that are not integrated together in a single, queryable repository. Despite 40+ years of continuous effort by the database community, data integration still remains an open challenge. In this paper, we advocate a different approach: rather than trying to infer a common schema, we aim to find another common representation for diverse, heterogeneous data. Specifically, we argue for an embedding (i.e., a vector space) in which all entities, rows, columns, and paragraphs are represented as points. In the embedding, the distance between points indicates their degree of relatedness. We present Termite, a prototype we have built to learn the best embedding from the data. Because the best representation is learned, this allows Termite to avoid much of the human effort associated with traditional data integration tasks. On top of Termite, we have implemented a Termite-Join operator, which allows people to identify related concepts, even when these are stored in databases with different schemas and in unstructured data such as text files, webpages, etc. Finally, we show preliminary evaluation results of our prototype via a user study, and describe a list of future directions we have identified.

**Age of Information in a Multiple Access Channel with Heterogeneous Traffic and an Energy Harvesting Node**

Age of Information (AoI) is a newly appeared concept and metric to characterize the freshness of data. In this work, we study the delay and AoI in a multiple access channel (MAC) with two source nodes transmitting different types of data to a common destination. The first node is grid-connected and its data packets arrive in a bursty manner, and at each time slot it transmits one packet with some probability. Another energy harvesting (EH) sensor node generates a new status update with a certain probability whenever it is charged. We derive the delay of the grid-connected node and the AoI of the EH sensor as functions of different parameters in the system. The results show that the mutual interference has a non-trivial impact on the delay and age performance of the two nodes.

**Efficient Optimization of Echo State Networks for Time Series Datasets**

Echo State Networks (ESNs) are recurrent neural networks that only train their output layer, thereby precluding the need to backpropagate gradients through time, which leads to significant computational gains. Nevertheless, a common issue in ESNs is determining its hyperparameters, which are crucial in instantiating a well performing reservoir, but are often set manually or using heuristics. In this work we optimize the ESN hyperparameters using Bayesian optimization which, given a limited budget of function evaluations, outperforms a grid search strategy. In the context of large volumes of time series data, such as light curves in the field of astronomy, we can further reduce the optimization cost of ESNs. In particular, we wish to avoid tuning hyperparameters per individual time series as this is costly; instead, we want to find ESNs with hyperparameters that perform well not just on individual time series but rather on groups of similar time series without sacrificing predictive performance significantly. This naturally leads to a notion of clusters, where each cluster is represented by an ESN tuned to model a group of time series of similar temporal behavior. We demonstrate this approach both on synthetic datasets and real world light curves from the MACHO survey. We show that our approach results in a significant reduction in the number of ESN models required to model a whole dataset, while retaining predictive performance for the series in each cluster.





### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

