---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Could you be the next graduate Mango?
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/eFXtKxWdmzI/
date:      2019-03-26
author:      Jen Wilkins
tags:
    - projects
    - skills
    - consultant
    - training
    - data
---





At Mango, we firmly believe that any decision can be better made using analytics and data. We also know that a company’s success is increasingly dependent on becoming data-driven. That’s where we come in. Our mission is to empower organisations to make informed decisions using data science and advanced analytics to drive bigger gains, lower costs, and optimise performance.

If this inspires you, read on!

We love nurturing new talent, so we are looking for graduates to take on this coming September to join our awesome team.

### What we’re looking for

- A degree in a STEM subject – and some knowledge of statistics and programming

- The ability to explain complex topics simply

- Most importantly you need a real interest and curiosity in data and the value that can be gained from it


We will help you build the required competencies and behaviours suited with a Mango data science/engineering consultant.

Entrants to the graduate programme will be expected to participate in a range of activities, including:

- Mango’s world-class technical training (roughly two courses per month)

- Soft skills training, including our ‘Trusted Consultant Program’

- ValidR development and package building/validation

- Delivery and presentation of a mini project showcasing existing and learnt skills

- Shadowing various other parts of the business – e.g. teaching, sales, project management

- Attending conferences – e.g. Bristol Data Science, LondonR, EARL

- Google Certification

- Contributing to client-focused projects as skills and approach reach the required level


If this sounds like the role for you then contact us.

 


*Related*








---
