---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Document worth reading： “Taking Human out of Learning Applications： A Survey on Automated Machine Learning”
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/03/25/document-worth-reading-taking-human-out-of-learning-applications-a-survey-on-automated-machine-learning/
date:      2019-03-25
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - machine learning techniques
    - human experts
    - researches
    - automl
    - automatic
---

Machine learning techniques have deeply rooted in our everyday life. However, since it is knowledge- and labor-intensive to pursuit good learning performance, human experts are heavily engaged in every aspect of machine learning. In order to make machine learning techniques easier to apply and reduce the demand for experienced human experts, automatic machine learning~(AutoML) has emerged as a hot topic of both in industry and academy. In this paper, we provide a survey on existing AutoML works. First, we introduce and define the AutoML problem, with inspiration from both realms of automation and machine learning. Then, we propose a general AutoML framework that not only covers almost all existing approaches but also guides the design for new methods. Afterward, we categorize and review the existing works from two aspects, i.e., the problem setup and the employed techniques. Finally, we provide a detailed analysis of AutoML approaches and explain the reasons underneath their successful applications. We hope this survey can serve as not only an insightful guideline for AutoML beginners but also an inspiration for future researches. Taking Human out of Learning Applications: A Survey on Automated Machine Learning





### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

