---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      RQuantLib 0.4.8： Small updates
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/MGN6_7tvMY8/
date:      2019-03-17
author:      Thinking inside the box
tags:
    - rquantlib
    - settings
    - mailing
    - change
    - configure script
---






A new version 0.4.8 of RQuantLib reached CRAN and Debian. This release was triggered by a CRAN request for an update to the `configure.ac` script which was easy enough (and which, as it happens, did not result in changes in the `configure` script produced). I also belatedly updated the internals of RQuantLib to follow suit to an upstream change in QuantLib. We now seamlessly switch between `shared_ptr<>` from Boost and from C++11 – Luigi wrote about the *how* and *why* in an excellent blog post that is part of a larger (and also excellent) series of posts on QuantLib internals.

QuantLib is a very comprehensice *free/open-source* library for quantitative finance, and RQuantLib connects it to the R environment and language.

In other news, we *finally* have a macOS binary package on CRAN. After several rather frustrating months of inaction on the pull request put together to enable this, it finally happened last week. Yay. So CRAN currently has an 0.4.7 macOS binary and should get one based on this release shortly. With Windows restored with the 0.4.7 release, we are in the best shape we have been in years. Yay and three cheers for Open Source and open collaboration models!

The complete set of changes is listed below:

> 
Changes in RQuantLib version 0.4.8 (2019-03-17)


Changes in RQuantLib code:

- Source code supports Boost `shared_ptr` and C+11 `shared_ptr` via `QuantLib::ext` namespace like upstream.



Changes in RQuantLib build system:

- The `configure.ac` file no longer upsets `R CMD check`; the change does not actually change `configure`.





Courtesy of CRANberries, there is also a diffstat report for the this release. As always, more detailed information is on the RQuantLib page. Questions, comments etc should go to the new rquantlib-devel mailing list. Issue tickets can be filed at the GitHub repo.


This post by Dirk Eddelbuettel originated on his Thinking inside the box blog. Please report excessive re-aggregation in third-party for-profit settings.




*Related*








---
