---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Rcpp 1.0.1： Updates
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/849Z4tdNq6Y/
date:      2019-03-17
author:      Thinking inside the box
tags:
    - releases
    - rcpp package
    - dirk
    - mailing
    - settings
---






Following up on the 10th anniversary and the 1.0.0. release, we excited to share the news of the first update release 1.0.1 of Rcpp. package turned ten on Monday—and we used to opportunity to mark the current version as 1.0.0! It arrived at CRAN overnight, Windows binaries have already been built and I will follow up shortly with the Debian binary.

We had four years of regular bi-monthly release leading up to 1.0.0, and having now taken four months since the big 1.0.0 one. Maybe three (or even just two) releases a year will establish itself a natural cadence. Time will tell.

Rcpp has become *the* most popular way of enhancing GNU R with C or C++ code. As of today, 1598 packages on CRAN depend on Rcpp for making analytical code go faster and further, along with 152 in BioConductor release 3.8. Per the (partial) logs of CRAN downloads, we currently average 921,000 downloads a month.

This release feature a number of different pull requests detailed below.

> 
Changes in Rcpp version 1.0.1 (2019-03-17)


Changes in Rcpp API:


Subsetting is no longer limited by an integer range (William Nolan in #920 fixing #919).


Error messages from subsetting are now more informative (Qiang and Dirk).


`Shelter` increases count only on non-null objects (Dirk in #940 as suggested by Stepan Sindelar in #935).


`AttributeProxy::set()` and a few related setters get `Shield<>` to ensure `rchk` is happy (Romain in #947 fixing #946).




Changes in Rcpp Attributes:


A new plugin was added for C++20 (Dirk in #927)


Fixed an issue where ‘stale’ symbols could become registered in RcppExports.cpp, leading to linker errors and other related issues (Kevin in #939 fixing #733 and #934).


The wrapper macro gets an `UNPROTECT` to ensure `rchk` is happy (Romain in #949) fixing #948).




Changes in Rcpp Documentation:


Three small corrections were added in the ‘Rcpp Quickref’ vignette (Zhuoer Dong in #933 fixing #932).


The `Rcpp-modules` vignette now has documentation for `.factory` (Ralf Stubner in #938 fixing #937).




Changes in Rcpp Deployment:

- Travis CI again reports to CodeCov.io (Dirk and Ralf Stubner in #942 fixing #941).





Thanks to CRANberries, you can also look at a diff to the previous release. Questions, comments etc should go to the rcpp-devel mailing list off the R-Forge page.


This post by Dirk Eddelbuettel originated on his Thinking inside the box blog. Please report excessive re-aggregation in third-party for-profit settings.




*Related*








---
