---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Getting started with RMarkdown & trying to make it in the world of Kaggle. Join MünsteR for our next meetup!
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/GHhmKpDhweA/
date:      2019-03-06
author:      Dr. Shirin Glander
tags:
    - animals
    - processing
    - petfinder
    - kaggle
    - münster
---

In our next MünsteR R-user group meetup on **Tuesday, April 9th, 2019**, we will have two exciting talks: **Getting started with RMarkdown** and **Trying to make it in the world of Kaggle**!

You can RSVP here: http://meetu.ps/e/Gg5th/w54bW/f

## Getting started with RMarkdown

> 
First, Niklas Wulms from the University Hospital, Münster will give an introduction to RMarkdown:


> 
He started using R in 2018 and learnt the advantages of using only one framework of free software and code. Now he is able to develop a clear logical processing and analysis structure which can be updated at anytime. The possibility to use interactive documents, that can be shared with collaborators e.g. via E-Mail, GitHub or Cloud-Services is presented in his “Introduction to RMarkdown”.


> 
This talk is for everybody, who is interested in learning a method, that is hardly taking a minute to set up and improves your code by adding emphasis on documentation, making it reproducible, easy to collaborate and review (even for inexperienced users).


## Trying to make it in the world of Kaggle

> 
Then, Thomas Nowicki from viadee AG will present his entry in the Kaggle Petfinder competition:


> 
The internet was made for cats. In this talk Thomas will present his findings for a Kaggle challenge posted by petfinder.my in which he participated.


> 
From the Petfinder competition description: Millions of stray animals suffer on the streets or are euthanized in shelters every day around the world. If homes can be found for them, many precious lives can be saved — and more happy families created. PetFinder.my has been Malaysia’s leading animal welfare platform since 2008, with a database of more than 150,000 animals. PetFinder collaborates closely with animal lovers, media, corporations, and global organizations to improve animal welfare.


> 
The key question that he was trying to resolve was: How quickly is a pet adopted?


## About Niklas:

> 
Niklas Wulms is a biologist (MSc) doing his PhD (Dr. rer. medic.) in the junior research group “Population Imaging of the Brain” at the Institute of Epidemiology and Social Medicine of the University Hospital, Münster. Since 2016 he is focused on answering neurobiological and clinical questions using image processing, batch programming and statistics. He started programming using MATLAB interchangeably with SPSS, Statistica and Spreadsheets. In his research regarding the interaction and early development of depression and cardiovascular disease he compares clinical and behavioral parameters with structural and functional MRI.


## About Thomas:

> 
Thomas Nowicki got his Master’s degree of Artificial Intelligence in Maastricht. Upon completion he noticed a lack of jobs in data science in Germany. This is why he went for a career in Software Development. Now, after a few years, he opened up a new branch in his consulting company and they try to learn as much as they can about data science. Kaggle is one of the platforms they identified as most interesting to start the learning process.



*Related*








---
