---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Machine Learning Algorithms Every Data Scientist Should Know
subtitle:      转载自：https://dimensionless.in/machine-learning-algorithms-every-data-scientist-should-know/
date:      2019-03-22
author:      Thomas
tags:
    - regression
    - clustering
    - clusters
    - models
    - classification
---

There are a huge number of ML algorithms out there. Trying to classify them leads to the distinction being made in types of the training procedure, applications, the latest advances, and some of the standard algorithms used by ML scientists in their daily work. There is a lot to cover, and we shall proceed as given in the following listing:

1. Statistical Algorithms

1. Classification

1. Regression

1. Clustering

1. Dimensionality Reduction

1. Ensemble Algorithms

1. Deep Learning

1. Reinforcement Learning

1. AutoML (Bonus)


## 1. Statistical Algorithms

**Statistics** is necessary for every machine learning expert. Hypothesis testing and confidence intervals are some of the many statistical concepts to know if you are a data scientist. Here, we consider here the phenomenon of **overfitting.**Basically, overfitting occurs when an ML model learns so many features of the training data set that the generalization capacity of the model on the test set takes a toss. The tradeoff between performance and overfitting is well illustrated by the following illustration:

Here, the black curve represents the performance of a classifier that has appropriately classified the dataset into two categories. Obviously, training the classifier was stopped at the right time in this instance. The green curve indicates what happens when we allow the training of the classifier to ‘overlearn the features’ in the training set. What happens is that we get an accuracy of 100%, but we lose out on performance on the test set because the test set will have a feature boundary that is usually similar but definitely not the same as the training set. This will result in a high error level when the classifier for the green curve is presented with new data. How can we prevent this?

### Cross-Validation

**Cross-Validation** is the killer technique used to avoid overfitting. How does it work? A visual representation of the k-fold cross-validation process is given below:

The entire dataset is split into equal subsets and the model is trained on all possible combinations of training and testing subsets that are possible as shown in the image above. Finally, the average of all the models is combined. The advantage of this is that this method eliminates sampling error, prevents overfitting, and accounts for bias. There are further variations of cross-validation like non-exhaustive cross-validation and nested k-fold cross validation (shown above). For more on cross-validation, visit the following link:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-validation_(statistics)

There are many more statistical algorithms that a data scientist has to know. Some examples include the chi-squared test, the Student’s t-test, how to calculate confidence intervals, how to interpret p-values, advanced probability theory, and many more. For more, please visit the excellent article given below:

## 2. Classification Algorithms

**Classification** refers to the process of categorizing data input as a member of a target class. An example could be that we can classify customers into low-income, medium-income, and high-income depending upon their spending activity over a financial year. This knowledge can help us tailor the ads shown to them accurately when they come online and maximises the chance of a conversion or a sale. There are various types of classification like binary classification, multi-class classification, and various other variants. It is perhaps the most well known and most common of all data science algorithm categories. The algorithms that can be used for classification include:

1. Logistic Regression

1. Support Vector Machines

1. Linear Discriminant Analysis

1. K-Nearest Neighbours

1. Decision Trees

1. Random Forests


and many more. A short illustration of a binary classification visualization is given below:

For more information on classification algorithms, refer to the following excellent links:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Statistical_classification

## 3. Regression Algorithms

**Regression** is similar to classification, and many algorithms used are similar (e.g. random forests). The difference is that while classification categorizes a data point, regression predicts a continuous real-number value. So classification works with classes while regression works with real numbers. And yes – many algorithms can be used for both classification and regression. Hence the presence of logistic regression in both lists. Some of the common algorithms used for regression are

1. Linear Regression

1. Support Vector Regression

1. Logistic Regression

1. Ridge Regression

1. Partial Least-Squares Regression

1. Non-Linear Regression


For more on regression, I suggest that you visit the following link for an excellent article:

Another article you can refer to is:

Both articles have a remarkably clear discussion of the statistical theory that you need to know to understand regression and apply it to non-linear problems. They also have **source code** in Python and R that you can use.

## 4. Clustering

**Clustering** is an unsupervised learning algorithm category that divides the data set into groups depending upon common characteristics or common properties. A good example would be grouping the data set instances into categories automatically, the process being used would be any of several algorithms that we shall soon list. For this reason, clustering is sometimes known as automatic classification. It is also a critical part of exploratory data analysis (EDA). Some of the algorithms commonly used for clustering are:

1. Hierarchical  Clustering – Agglomerative

1. Hierarchical Clustering – Divisive

1. K-Means Clustering

1. K-Nearest Neighbours Clustering

1. EM (Expectation Maximization) Clustering

1. Principal Components Analysis Clustering (PCA)


An example of a common clustering problem visualization is given below:

The above visualization clearly contains three clusters.

Another excellent article on clustering is:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cluster_analysis

You can also refer to the following article:

## 5. Dimensionality Reduction

**Dimensionality Reduction** is an extremely important tool that should be completely clear and lucid for any serious data scientist. Dimensionality Reduction is also referred to as feature selection or feature extraction. This means that the principal variables of the data set that contains the highest covariance with the output data are extracted and the features/variables that are not important are ignored. It is an essential part of EDA (Exploratory Data Analysis) and is nearly always used in every moderately or highly difficult problem. The advantages of dimensionality reduction are (from Wikipedia):

1. It reduces the time and storage space required.

1. Removal of multi-collinearity improves the interpretation of the parameters of the machine learning model.

1. It becomes easier to visualize the data when reduced to very low dimensions such as 2D or 3D.

1. It avoids the curse of dimensionality.


The most commonly used algorithm for dimensionality reduction is Principal Components Analysis or **PCA**. While this is a linear model, it can be converted to a non-linear model through a kernel trick similar to that used in a Support Vector Machine, in which case the technique is known as Kernel PCA. Thus, the algorithms commonly used are:

1. Principal Component Analysis (PCA)

1. Non-Negative Matrix Factorization (NMF)

1. Kernel PCA

1. Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA)

1. Generalized Discriminant Analysis (kernel trick again)


The result of a PCA operation is visualized below:

You can refer to this article for a general discussion of dimensionality reduction:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dimensionality_reduction

This article below gives you a brief description of dimensionality reduction using PCA by coding an ML example:

## 6. Ensembling Algorithms

Ensembling means combining multiple ML learners together into one pipeline so that the combination of all the weak learners makes an ML application with higher accuracy than each learner taken separately. Intuitively, this makes sense, since the disadvantages of using one model would be offset by combining it with another model that does not suffer from this disadvantage. There are various algorithms used in ensembling machine learning models. The three common techniques usually employed in  practice are:

1. **Simple/Weighted Average/Voting:** Simplest one, just takes the vote of models in Classification and average in Regression.

1. **Bagging:** We train models (same algorithm) in parallel for random sub-samples of data-set with replacement. Eventually, take an average/vote of obtained results.

1. **Boosting:** In this models are trained sequentially, where (n)th model uses the output of (n-1)th model and works on the limitation of the previous model, the process stops when result stops improving.

1. **Stacking:** We combine two or more than two models using another machine learning algorithm.


(from **Amardeep Chauhan** on Medium.com)

In all four cases, the combination of the different models ends up having the better performance that one single learner. One particular ensembling technique that has done extremely well on data science competitions on Kaggle is the GBRT  model or the Gradient Boosted Regression Tree model.

We include the source code from the scikit-learn module for Gradient Boosted Regression Trees since this is one of the most popular ML models which can be used in competitions like **Kaggle**, **HackerRank**, and **TopCoder**.

From https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/ensemble.html

`GradientBoostingClassifier` supports both binary and multi-class classification. The following example shows how to fit a gradient boosting classifier with 100 decision stumps as weak learners:



||from sklearn.datasets import make_hastie_10_2from sklearn.ensemble import GradientBoostingClassifier X, y = make_hastie_10_2(random_state=0)X_train, X_test = X[:2000], X[2000:]y_train, y_test = y[:2000], y[2000:] clf = GradientBoostingClassifier(n_estimators=100, learning_rate=1.0,    max_depth=1, random_state=0).fit(X_train, y_train)clf.score(X_test, y_test)|

from sklearn.ensemble import GradientBoostingClassifier

X, y = make_hastie_10_2(random_state=0)

y_train, y_test = y[:2000], y[2000:]

clf = GradientBoostingClassifier(n_estimators=100, learning_rate=1.0,

clf.score(X_test, y_test)
