---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Let’s get it right
subtitle:      转载自：https://analytixon.com/2019/03/23/lets-get-it-right-20/
date:      2019-03-23
author:      Michael Laux
tags:
    - ethics
    - ethically
    - professionals
    - articles recommending
    - xai
---

***Article***: ***A Human’s Guide to Machine Intelligence: How Algorithms Are Shaping Our Lives and How We Can Stay in Control***

Through the technology embedded in almost every major tech platform and every web-enabled device, algorithms and the artificial intelligence that underlies them make a staggering number of everyday decisions for us, from what products we buy, to where we decide to eat, to how we consume our news, to whom we date, and how we find a job. We’ve even delegated life-and-death decisions to algorithms-decisions once made by doctors, pilots, and judges. In his new book, Kartik Hosanagar surveys the brave new world of algorithmic decision-making and reveals the potentially dangerous biases they can give rise to as they increasingly run our lives. He makes the compelling case that we need to arm ourselves with a better, deeper, more nuanced understanding of the phenomenon of algorithmic thinking. And he gives us a route in, pointing out that algorithms often think a lot like their creators-that is, like you and me.

***Article***: ***AI’s Purpose Should be to Build a More Human Experience***

Humans share a powerful need for emotional connection. It’s what sets us apart from other species: Our ability to connect and relate to one another gives us the power to cooperate and work together toward common goals. In the corporate world, this means that all customers share this same need. As humans, we want to feel heard and understood, and that need carries over to the products and services we purchase. This is a key challenge for businesses. In the age of outsourcing and automation, how can companies truly understand and connect with their customers? Artificial intelligence and machine learning may bring to mind images of emotionless robots and cold algorithms. But in fact, these tools can – and should – help to make businesses more human. This is a core belief at Trulia and one that is woven through our product strategy. I believe in building tech for a purpose, and that includes how we use technologies to build our products. It’s easy to fall into the trap of using machine learning just for the sake of it, like a hammer searching for a nail. At Trulia, we’re not using AI and deep learning because they’re cool buzzwords or because we want to stay ahead of the curve. We’re using them for a specific purpose: to create a more meaningful experience and solve key challenges for our customers.

***Article***: ***Computer Latency at a Human Scale***

How fast are computer systems really? Those of us who work in technology can blithely rattle off the clock speeds of processors, but what do those numbers mean? For example, each core of a server based on the Intel Xeon processor E5 v4 family might perform 2.4 billion clock ticks – and might execute many times that number of instructions – in the second or so that it takes to read and register this fact. But these are numbers so gargantuan as to be completely outside of human experience. Let’s rescale things a bit to get a visceral sense of these machines we use every day.

***Article***: ***Biased AI Is Real; What Does that Mean for Women?***

We have a great opportunity to lay a better foundation for the future of AI if we encourage more women and people of diverse backgrounds to dive into data science and other AI fields.

***Article***: ***Automating Ethics***

We are surrounded by systems that make ethical decisions: systems approving loans, trading stocks, forwarding news articles, recommending jail sentences, and much more. They act for us or against us, but almost always without our consent or even our knowledge. In recent articles, I’ve suggested the ethics of artificial intelligence itself needs to be automated. But my suggestion ignores the reality that ethics has already been automated: merely claiming to make data-based recommendations without taking anything else into account is an ethical stance. We need to do better, and the only way to do better is to build ethics into those systems. This is a problematic and troubling position, but I don’t see any alternative. The problem with data ethics is scale. Scale brings a fundamental change to ethics, and not one that we’re used to taking into account. That’s important, but it’s not the point I’m making here. The sheer number of decisions that need to be made means that we can’t expect humans to make those decisions. Every time data moves from one site to another, from one context to another, from one intent to another, there is an action that requires some kind of ethical decision.

***Article***: ***ACM Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct***

Computing professionals’ actions change the world. To act responsibly, they should reflect upon the wider impacts of their work, consistently supporting the public good. The ACM Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct (‘the Code’) expresses the conscience of the profession.1. GENERAL ETHICAL PRINCIPLES.1.1 Contribute to society and to human well-being, acknowledging that all people are stakeholders in computing.1.2 Avoid harm.1.3 Be honest and trustworthy.1.4 Be fair and take action not to discriminate.1.5 Respect the work required to produce new ideas, inventions, creative works, and computing artifacts.1.6 Respect privacy.1.7 Honor confidentiality.2. PROFESSIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES.2.1 Strive to achieve high quality in both the processes and products of professional work.2.2 Maintain high standards of professional competence, conduct, and ethical practice.2.3 Know and respect existing rules pertaining to professional work.2.4 Accept and provide appropriate professional review.2.5 Give comprehensive and thorough evaluations of computer systems and their impacts, including analysis of possible risks.2.6 Perform work only in areas of competence.2.7 Foster public awareness and understanding of computing, related technologies, and their consequences.2.8 Access computing and communication resources only when authorized or when compelled by the public good.2.9 Design and implement systems that are robustly and usably secure.3. PROFESSIONAL LEADERSHIP PRINCIPLES.3.1 Ensure that the public good is the central concern during all professional computing work.3.2 Articulate, encourage acceptance of, and evaluate fulfillment of social responsibilities by members of the organization or group.3.3 Manage personnel and resources to enhance the quality of working life.3.4 Articulate, apply, and support policies and processes that reflect the principles of the Code.3.5 Create opportunities for members of the organization or group to grow as professionals.3.6 Use care when modifying or retiring systems.3.7 Recognize and take special care of systems that become integrated into the infrastructure of society.4. COMPLIANCE WITH THE CODE.4.1 Uphold, promote, and respect the principles of the Code.4.2 Treat violations of the Code as inconsistent with membership in the ACM.

***Article***: ***Ethically Aligned Software Licenses***

This repository contains a summary of the current idea of developing a set of ‘Ethically Aligned Licenses’. This would consist of a set of the most common open source software licenses modified to require alignment to an ‘ethical framework’. The current Ethical Framework being considered is the ACM Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct.

***Article***: ***XAI – An EXplainability Toolbox for Machine Learning***





### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

