---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      The AI & Big Data Expo is back for 2019 – Bigger and Better Than Ever
subtitle:      转载自：https://blog.thedataincubator.com/2019/03/the-ai-big-data-expo-is-back-for-2019-bigger-and-better-than-ever/
date:      2019-03-29
author:      Sean Boland
tags:
    - ai
    - data
    - expos
    - events
    - topic
---

**The AI & Big Data Expo is back for 2019 – Bigger and Better Than Ever.**

The AI & Big Data Expo, the leading global for business event, has announced dates for the 2019 World Series.

Offering Global, Europe and North America events, the series is expected to attract over 36,000 delegates during 2019. With the shows growing in popularity, and with more insights into AI & Big Data, they will now take place in much larger venues than before.  The event showcases two days of top-level content from leading brands, embracing and developing cutting edge AI & Big Data technologies.

Confirmed speakers include, SAP, Mumsnet, Royal Mail, BT, Legal & General and many more.

Delegates are also invited to an extensive free-to-attend exhibition hall, where over 300 companies will be exhibiting the most disruptive technologies across AI & Big Data, Blockchain, and IoT.

The World Series kicks off with the popular AI & Big Data Global event, taking place at London Olympia on April 25-26 2019.

With Dutch companies being ahead in Europe for AI, according to a report commissioned by Microsoft and conducted by EY, AI & Big Data Europe will be arriving at RAI Amsterdam on June 27-28 2019.

The line-up reflects the growth in AI with it arguably being one of the most revolutionary technology the world has ever seen. As well as Big Data, which was a vast topic in 2018 with GDPR and data breaches continuing.

The importance of AI & Big Data within years to come is highlighted by David Scgubmehel, research director for cognitive/artificial intelligence systems at IDC:

“Vendors looking to take advantage of AI, deep learning and machine learning need to move quickly to gain a foothold in this emergent market. We are already seeing that organizations using these technologies to drive innovation are benefitting in terms of revenue, profit, and overall leadership in their respective industries and segments.”

Topic covered within the 2019 World Series will be AI driving digital transformation, AI in banking and financial services, predictive analytics, edge processing, and many more.

The 2019 World Series concludes with pinnacle AI & Big Data North America event, taking place in Silicon Valley, CA, on November 13-14 2019. The 2018 event brought together over 10,500 delegates across the co-located AI & Big Data Expo, IoT Tech Expo and Blockchain Expo, to hear from speakers including Nasdaq, Bank of America, Red Bull Media House, Starbucks and IBM.

Find out more about the 2019 AI & Big Data Expo World Series at https://www.ai-expo.net/

The Data Incubator users and members can also obtain an exclusive 20% off of any ticket type for any of the expos using discount code: **DATAINCUBATOR20**

For further information contact:

 

AI & Big Data Expo

Sophie Weaver

Marketing Manager

### enquiries@ai-expo.net

/ +44 (0)117 980 9023

www.ai-expo.net

****

**NOTES FOR EDITORS**

AI & Big Data is set to take place in London, Amsterdam and Santa Clara in 2019. Each event will bring together in excess of 10,000 attendees and 300+ speakers for two days of world-class content delivered from leading brands embracing and developing cutting-edge AI & Big Data technologies.

 

---
