---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Microsoft Launches Data Science Certifications
subtitle:      转载自：https://101.datascience.community/2019/03/07/microsoft-launches-data-science-certifications/
date:      2019-03-07
author:      Ryan Swanstrom
tags:
    - microsoft
    - certifications
    - engineers
    - data
    - exams
---

Read to the end to learn more about a new study group I will be launching.

In Late January 2019, Microsoft launched 3 new certifications aimed at Data Scientists/Engineers. For a while, Microsoft has been toying with different methods for training and credentials. They launched the Microsoft Professional Program in Data Science back in 2017. While it provides great content, it did not result in either a college diploma or an official Microsoft certification. Now Microsoft is in the process of restructing certifications to be more role-focused. Here are details about the 3 certification of interest to data scientists and data engineers.

## 1. Azure Data Scientist Associate

Exams Required:

For more details and to register, go to the Azure Data Scientist Associate page.

## 2. Azure AI Engineer Associate

Exams Required:

 For more details and to register, go to the Azure AI Engineer Associate page. 

## 3. Azure Data Engineer Associate

Exams Required:

 For more details and to register, go to the AzureData Engineer Associate page. 

## Exam Details

As of March 2019, the exams are in beta phase and the details of what is on the exams are very sparse and vague. 

## New Study Group

Are you interested in taking one or all of the exams? I am organizing a study group/community. Sign up to get the latest details from **Microsoft Data Science Certification Study Group.**

*Full Disclosure: I am not a Microsoft Employee, and this group is not sponsored or endorsed by Microsoft. I am just excited about the certifications and hoping to help others (and myself) prepare.*

### Like this:

Like Loading...


*Related*

