---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Wrapping up the stars project
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/wR0GihrVd1o/
date:      2019-03-30
author:      Edzer Pebesma
tags:
    - stars
    - handled
    - data
    - supporting
    - rasterizing
---







[view rawRmd]

## Summary

This is the fourth blog on thestars project, an it completes theR-Consortium funded project for *spatiotemporal tidy arrays with R*. Itreports on the current status of the project, and current developmentdirections. Although this project ends, with the release of stars 0.3 onCRAN, theadoption, update, enthusiasm and participation in the development of thestars project have really only started, and will without doubt increaseand continue.

## Status

The stars package has now fivevignettes (called “Articles” onthe pkgdown site) that explain its main features. Besides writing thesevignettes, a lot of work over the past few months went into

- writing support for `stars_proxy` objects, objects for which themetadata has been read but for which the payload is still on disk.This allows handling raster files or data cubes that do not fit intomemory. Manipulating them uses lazy evaluation: only when pixelvalues are really needed they are read and processed: this is forinstance when a `plot` is needed, or results are to be written with`write_stars`. In case of plotting, no more pixels are processedthan can be seen on the device.

- making rectilinear and curvilinear grids work, by better parsingNetCDF files directly (rather than through GDAL), reading theirbounds, and by writing conversions to `sf` objects so that they canbe plotted;

- writing a tighter integration with GDAL, e.g. for warping grids,contouring grids, and rasterizing polygons;

- supporting 360-day and 365-day (noleap) calendars, which are usedoften in climate model data;

- providing an off-cran `starsdata` package, with around 1 Gb of realimagery, too large for submitting to CRAN or GitHub, but used fortesting and demonstration;

- resolving issues (we’re at 154 now) and managing pull requests;

- adding `stars` support to`gstat`,a package for spatial and spatiotemporal geostatistical modelling,interpolation and simulation.


I have used `stars` and `sf` successfully last week in a two-day courseat Munich Re on *Spatial Data Science withR* (online material), focusing ondata handling and geostatistics. Both packages worked out beautifully(with a minor amount of rough edges), in particular in conjunction witheach other and with the `tidyverse`.

Further resources on the status of the project are found in

- thevideoof my rstudio::conf presentation on “Spatial data science in theTidyverse”

- chapter 4 ofthe Spatial Data Science book (under development)


## Future

Near future development will entail experiments with *very large*datasets, such as the entire Sentinel-2archive. We secured earliersomefundingfrom the R Consortium for doing this, and first outcomes will bepresented shortly in a follow-up blog. A large challenge here is thehandling of multi-resolution imagery, imagery spread over differentcoordinate reference systems (e.g., crossing multiple UTM zones) and thetemporal resampling needed to form space-time raster cubes. This isbeing handled gracefully by thegdalcubes C++ library and Rpackage developed by Marius Appel. The gdalcubes package has beensubmitted to CRAN.

## Earlier stars blogs


*Related*








---
