---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Building a Shiny app to show the impact of vaccines
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/v-Xpq-FosSE/
date:      2019-03-06
author:      R blog posts on sandsynligvis.dk
tags:
    - parameters
    - vaccinated
    - vaccinations
    - vaccine
    - population initially
---

The **s**usceptible-**i**nfectious-**r**ecovered (SIR)modelis one of the simplest compartmental models and it has previously beensuccessfully used to describe outbreaks of measles, the flu, smallpox, mumps, and rubella. The SIR model is easily extendedto accommodate immunities due to earlier infections orvaccinations. Implementing the SIR model in R has previously been documented so in this post we will extend this previous work adding an additionalcomponent to accommodate previously vaccinated individuals, and warp everythingin a Shiny app.

We will use a 4-compartment model where each individual in the population initially can be classified into 4 categories: susceptible (S), the infected (I), the recovered (R), and a group of previously vaccinated/immune (V) individuals. The number of individuals starting in compartment I will be very small since that is just the initial number of infected individuals, the initial number of persons in R will be zero since no one has yet had the disease and recovered from it as part of the *current* outbreak. The remaining individuals will be in either S (have not had the disease before) or V (vaccinated / immune from earlier infection). The setup is sketched in the diagram below. Adding the group V to the SIR model reduces the spread of the disease since the disease cannot infect individuals that it comes into contact with if they are already immune or vaccinated.




This variant of the SIR model is useful for modeling airborne diseases and in the model we disregard individuals who die from other causes than the disease, new vaccinations, and demographic changes in the population.11 Consequently, we are also assuming that the total population size is constant over the time period, and we will also assume that the transition rates \(\beta\) and \(\gamma\) are constant over the period, and that anyone in the population can get in contact with anyone else.

To compute the consequences of an outbreak we need to set some initial parameters for model. The parameters directly influencing the model are

- \(\beta\) – the transition rate from compartment \(S\) to \(I\). This rate is defined as the basic reproductive number, \(R0\), divided by the infection period (i.e., the average number of individuals each infected person will infect in an unprotected population divided by the number of days that the person can pass on the disease)

- \(\gamma\) – the transition rate from \(I\) to \(R\). This is equal to the inverse of the disease period since once the disease period is over, a person automatically transfers to the \(R\) group.


Consequently we need to allow the user to set the following

- The reproductive number \(R0\) – the average number of individuals that each infected person may infect, i.e., how contagious is the disease,

- the infection period,

- the population size,

- the number of individuals initially infected,

- the proportion of individuals in the immune/vaccine group \(V\). This percentage should be multiplied by the vaccine effectiveness if it is not 100%.

- the time frame to consider.


An example of these initial parameters is shown in the code below

```
# Set parameters

timeframe <- 200 # Look at development over 200 days
pinf <- 5 # Initial number of infected persons
popsize <- 5700000 # Population size (5.7 mio in Denmark)
pvac <- .90 # Proportion vaccinated
vaceff <- .95 # Effectiveness of vaccine
connum <- 15 # R0, the reproductive number. 15 is roughly measles
infper <- 14 # Infection period, 14 days

# Compute the proportions in each of the compartments at
# the initial outbreak
init <- c(S = 1 - pinf / popsize - pvac * vaceff,
 I = pinf / popsize,
 R = 0,
 V = pvac * vaceff 
 )

# First set the parameters for beta and gamma
parameters <- c(beta = connum / infper,
 gamma = 1 / infper)
## Time frame
times <- seq(0, timeframe, by = .2)
```

Wonderful!

Based on the model outlined above we can now set up the following set of coupled differential equations22 Without loss of generality we have divided by the total number of individuals in the population, \(N\), to obtain the *proportion* of individuals in each compartment.

\[\begin{array}{l}\frac{dS}{dt} = -\beta I(t)S(t) \\\frac{dI}{dt} = \beta I(t)S(t) – \gamma I(t) = [\beta S(t) – \gamma] I(t)\\\frac{dR}{dt} = \gamma I(t) \\\frac{dV}{dt} = 0\end{array}\]

If \(\beta S(t) – \gamma>0\) then the number of infected individuals will increase and an epidemic will ensure. If \(\beta S(t) – \gamma<0\) then the number of infected will decrease and the disease will die out by itself. Note that since \(S(t)\) decreases with time the outbreak will eventually die out by itself since the majority of the current population will at one point be in the recovered group, where they cannot get the disease again.

Now we are ready to define the coupled differential equations that describe the transitions between the compartments. This is formulated as a function that takes the time points, `time`, the current `state` (i.e., the distribution of the individuals in the 4 compartments), and the set of `parameters`.

```
## Create a SIR function with an extra V component
sirv <- function(time, state, parameters) {
 with(as.list(c(state, parameters)), {
 dS <- -beta * S * I
 dI <- beta * S * I - gamma * I
 dR <- gamma * I
 dV <- 0
 return(list(c(dS, dI, dR, dV)))
 })
}
```

Once we have the `sirv()` function we can use the `ode()` function from the `deSolve` package to solve the coupled differential equations.

```
library("deSolve")

## Solve the set of coupled differential equations
out <- ode(y = init,
 times = times,
 func = sirv,
 parms = parameters
 )
head(as.data.frame(out))
```

```
 time S I R V
1 0.0 0.1449991 8.771930e-07 0.000000e+00 0.855
2 0.2 0.1449991 8.920417e-07 1.263739e-08 0.855
3 0.4 0.1449991 9.071419e-07 2.548870e-08 0.855
4 0.6 0.1449990 9.224976e-07 3.855756e-08 0.855
5 0.8 0.1449990 9.381132e-07 5.184763e-08 0.855
6 1.0 0.1449990 9.539932e-07 6.536268e-08 0.855
```

The value for the basic reproductive number, \(R0\), depends on the type of disease and typical numbers can be seen in the table below.33 It is not easy to provide good estimates of the reproductive number, \(R0\), since it is difficult to gauge how many individuals a person has been in contact with and since we hardly have a population containing *only* susceptible individuals. Also, check out The failure of R0 by Li, Blakeley og Smith for other comments about \(R0\). A large value of \(R0\) means that the disease is highly contagious.
