---
layout:     post
title:      Hashing
subtitle:   转载自：http://fa.bianp.net/blog/2007/hashing/
date:       2007-04-18
author:     Fabian Pedregosa
header-img: img/background0.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - hashing
    - hashes
    - hashed
    - code
    - sympy
---

Today I spent some time thinking about hashing in [SymPy](http://code.google.com/p/sympy). Hashing is a
central part of sympy and is implemented in the core. Now you might be
thinking why is hashing so important in a CAS (Computer Algebra System)
... I'll try to explain: when you do things like "x+1 == 1+x" actualy
you are comparing the hashes of these two objects (1+x and x+1). Now you
might be wondering why does this return True and not False, because
obviously these two expressions (x+1 and 1+x) are different so their
hash should be different. The answer is because first the expressions is
evaluated and the hashed, so the path that these objects follow is: x+1
-> evaluated -> 1+x -> hashed -> returns an int, and on the other side
x+1 -> evaluated -> x+1 -> hashed -> returns an int. Now these two int's
are equal, so we say that the two objects are equal. Now before revision
803, we had a .hash() method on every single class that inherits from
Basic, which was really cumbersome, so I submitted a patch that
implemented a generic .hash() method based on the string representation
in class Basic, so all you have to do now is inherit from Basic and
you'll get a hashing method that 'just works' across sympy. But
unfortunately, it has some drawbacks:

- it isn't very strong

- it's a bit slower (like a 5%)

- It doesn't scale (neither did the previous algorithm)


The two first are can be easily corrected, but the third one is a bit
more difficult to solve, due to way Add.eval() and Mul.eval() work. I'll
put an example: the following code

(executed from isympy) creates a polynomial with 100 terms, and takes 7
seconds to execute in my 2.0Ghz AMD. The answer to this slowness might
be in the fact that each time you add a term to f, f is completely
re-evaluated, re-ordered, and re-hashed (and not updated, which should
be much faster). In fact, the time involved to sum more terms grows
exponentially, to the point that trying to create a polynomial in 1000
variables takes at least 10 minutes (i just stopped it beyond that
point). For more info, see issue [52](http://code.google.com/p/sympy/issues/detail?id=52). That was all for now (my first
post in English!), must go to sleep, tomorrow we play with my band in
jail (it is not a joke, we play for some non-profit organization)
