---
layout:     post
title:      My Open-Source Machine Learning Masters (in Casablanca, Morocco)
subtitle:   转载自：https://cavaunpeu.github.io/2016/07/29/my-open-source-machine-learning-masters-in-casablanca-morocco/
date:       2016-07-29
author:     Will Wolf
header-img: img/background2.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - learning
    - online
    - personally
    - educational
    - technical
---

The Open-Source Machine Learning Masters (OSMLM) is a self-curated deep-dive into select topics in machine learning and distributed computing. Educational resources are derived from online courses ([MOOCs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Massive_open_online_course)), textbooks, predictive modeling competitions, academic research ([arXiv](https://arxiv.org/)), and the open-source software community. In machine learning, both the quantity and quality of these resources - all available for free or at a trivial cost - is truly f*cking amazing.

## Why Am I Doing This?

I want to become more of a technical expert in machine learning. I want to use this expertise to solve real-world problems that actually matter (moving the field forward on purely theoretical grounds is less interesting to me).

To this end, I see two main roads: a traditional graduate program, and the OSMLM.

### Why Not Graduate School

For me, graduate school is suboptimal for 3 key reasons:

1. **It's expensive.** Upon a quick Google search, a 2-year graduate program would cost, conservatively, $80,000 in tuition fees alone. This is a wholly nontrivial sum of money that would impact how I structure the next 10 years of my life.

1. **There are *far* more dependencies.** I have to apply. I have to get accepted. I have to find the right professor. I have to find a city suitable to my broader interests and lifestyle. This takes time.

1. **By the time I finish, the field of machine learning will look fundamentally different than it did when I started.** This is the most important point of all. The only way to remain current with the latest tools and techniques is to do just that. Given the furious and only-accelerating-faster pace at which machine learning is moving, this requires much more than just a few hours on the weekend.


### Why the OSMLM

1. **I think the higher education paradigm is changing.** Access to critical, academic knowledge is increasingly democratic: [Khan Academy](https://www.khanacademy.org/) can teach me about the Central Limit Theorem as well as any statistics professor. The ~$250,000 in tuition fees commanded by an undergraduate education at a private American university is, for some, several decades of debt and concession, and for others, prohibitive beyond comedy, reason and fantasy alike. If hard-skills are your end, online self-education is an immensely attractive, intuitive, and practical road to follow - especially in an industry as meritocratic as tech.

1. **I'm keenly aware of how productive I am in a self-teaching environment.** I'm largely self-taught in data science. Before that, it was online poker: a 5-year, $50 to $150,000 journey of instructional videos, online forums, critical discussion with other players and personal coaching - all from the comfort of my bedroom. I'm very effective at learning things online.

1. **Some of the most impactful projects I've completed professionally stemmed directly from those I'd completed personally.** I would not know how to ensemble models if not for [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/). I would not know how to perform hierarchical Bayesian inference if not for [Bayesian Methods for Hackers](http://camdavidsonpilon.github.io/Probabilistic-Programming-and-Bayesian-Methods-for-Hackers). The open-source data science community continues to teach me creative ways to use data to solve challenging problems. To this end, I want to consume, consume, consume.

1. **The road to further technical expertise is a function of little more than time and effort.** I have a few years' industry experience as a Data Scientist. I can write clean code and productionize machine learning things. For me, the OSMLM is nothing more than taking all of the extra-curricular time spent learning new tools and algorithms and making it a full-time job.

1. **I'm extremely motivated.** The thought of studying machine learning all day has me smiling from ear to ear. Simply put, I f*cking love this stuff.


## How Long is the OSMLM?

9-12 months. Not forever.

## Why Morocco?

I aim to speak indistinguishably fluent French and Spanish by the time I'm 30. I'm currently 27. The Spanish box is largely [checked](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqO0KW3O9uU). With 6-9 months in Francophone Morocco, the French box will be largely checked as well.

Furthermore, I've always wanted to live in a Muslim country: I grew up in a predominantly Jewish suburb of Philadelphia, and have had fantastic experiences traveling the Muslim world.

## How Will I Spend My Time?

I'll be spending my best 8-10 hours of the day working from a co-working space. I'll be taking online courses, reading textbooks, participating in machine learning competitions and publishing open-source code. I intend to post frequently to this blog.

## What Will I Learn?

I have 4 main areas of focus:

1. **"Deep Learning" with flavors of: auto-encoders, recommendation, and natural language processing.** I remain obsessed with encoding real-world entities as lists of numbers. I like applications that seek to understand people better than they understand themselves. Free-form text is everywhere (and relatively quick to process).

1. **Bayesian Inference.** Because they taught me frequentist statistics in school.

1. **Game Theory and Reinforcement Learning.** I wrote an [undergraduate thesis](https://honors.libraries.psu.edu/catalog/1947) in game theory and group dynamics and remain eager to tackle more. Reinforcement Learning seems like the hipster way to solve such problems these days.

1. **Apache Spark and Distributed Computing.** I have a bit of professional experience with Spark. As data continues to grow in size, distributed computing will move from a thing Google does to a no-duh occupational necessity.


## What Does Success Look Like?

Success has a few faces:

1. **Technical.** Have the technical expertise to lead teams focused on each of the above 4 topics (weighted towards the former 3, realistically).

1. **Personal.** Learning how I best learn. How do I structure my ideal working day? Do I prefer working alone, or indeed as part of a team? What is my optimal balance of reading, thinking, and coding?

1. **Language.** I intend to speak French like it's my mother tongue.


## What Happens Afterwards?

I'm likely headed back to the Americas, where I intend to devote myself to an impossibly awesome technology project and team for a period of several years. I'd like a technical mentor as well.

## How Can You Help?

In addition to self-study, I'd like to assist a few fascinating Moroccan technology organizations with their data problems. As such, if you know anyone in-country with even the most fleeting shared interest, please put me in touch.

## In Two Sentences

The Open-Source Machine Learning Masters in Casablanca, Morocco allows me to pursue several significant personal goals at the same time. This is my Francophone machine learning adventure.
