---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Gradient Boosting Interactive Playground
subtitle:      转载自：http://arogozhnikov.github.io/2016/07/05/gradient_boosting_playground.html
date:      2016-07-05
img:      3
author:      未知
tags:
    - demonstration
    - interactive
    - different randomizations
    - similar structure
    - circles
---

## What is this?


 This is an interactive demonstration-explanation of *gradient boosting* algorithm applied to classification problem.
 Boosting takes a decision ('blue' or 'orange') by iteratively building many simpler classification algorithms
 (decision trees in our case).
 

## Challenges


 Can you ..
 

1. overfit the model? (from some point test loss should increase)

1. achieve test loss < 0.02 on 'xor' dataset (second one) using depth = 2?

same for depth = 1?
 


1. achieve test loss < 0.1 on spiral dataset using minimal depth of trees?

1. fit 'stripes' dataset with trees of depth 1? Can you explain why this is possible?

1. get minimal possible loss on dataset with several embedded circles?


## Comments

- each time you change some parameter, gradient boosting is recomputed from the scratch (yes, gradient boosting algorithm is quite fast)

if learning rate is small, target doesn't change much. As a result, consequent trees have similar structure
to fight this, different randomizations are introduced:
 

 subsampling (take random part of data to train each tree)
 

 and random subspaces (take random subset of features to build a tree), only 2 variables in the demo, so random rotations are used instead of random subspaces.
 

did you notice? If you set learning rate to be high (without using Newton-Raphson update)
 only several first trees make serious contribution, other trees are almost not used


 There are many other things about GB you can find out from this demo. Enjoy!
 
