---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      How to give money to the R project
subtitle:      转载自：https://blog.revolutionanalytics.com/2018/12/support-your-tools.html
date:      2018-12-11
author:      Guest Blogger
tags:
    - niemann
    - mark
    - educator
    - author
    - spent
---

*by Mark Niemann-Ross, **an author, educator, and writer who teaches about R and Raspberry Pi at LinkedIn Learning*

I spend a LOT of time at r-project.org, in particular the sections for documentation and CRAN. But I hadn’t spent much time in the other areas: R Project, R Foundation, and links. When I recently wandered into the foundation area, I discovered something worth talking about: donations to the R Foundation.

I benefit from the work of the R Foundation. They oversee the language, but also encourage a healthy ecosystem. CRAN happens because of them. Updates to R happen because of them. useR! happens because of them. Every day, you and I are the recipients of some part of their time.

The least we can do is show them some appreciation. If you point your web browser at https://www.r-project.org/foundation/donations.html you’ll find a convenient (and surprisingly inexpensive) place to express your appreciation. As an individual, you can send these kind folks twenty-five euros to tell them you’re in favor of what they do.

You can send them more if you like. You can make your twenty-five euros an annual event. If you’re an institution, you can give 250 euros. If you’re really suave and sophisticated, you can give 500 euros. I suspect you could give more, but you may have to warn the R Board of Directors so they aren’t wondering what you’re up to. (kidding!)

Best of all – for your minimum of twenty-five euros you get listed on the R Donors Site. Look close – you’ll even see my name listed amongst the R glitterati.

## Tax Deductible?

For those of us in the United States, donations to charitable organizations are tax deductible. However, The R Foundation is not recognized as such in the US. But take heart — The Society of Indian Academics in America has stepped in to provide a method for earmarking donations — and making donations deductible. Look at the very bottom of the foundations donor page for details on how to make this happen.

## Take Action

Calculate the difference in time spent between working with R — and working without R — then divide twenty-five euros by that amount of time. If you’re like me, that becomes a pretty good value. I think it’s well worth the time to make a donation and keep the R Foundation feeling appreciated.

R Project: Membership Fees and Donations
