---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      In case you missed it： November 2018 roundup
subtitle:      转载自：https://blog.revolutionanalytics.com/2018/12/in-case-you-missed-it-november-2018-roundup.html
date:      2018-12-14
author:      David Smith
tags:
    - azurer
    - ai
    - data
    - microsoft
    - packages
---

In case you missed them, here are some articles from November of particular interest to R users.

David Gerard assesses the plausibility of a key plot point in 'Jurassic Park' with simulations in R.

In-database R is available in Azure SQL Database for private preview. 

Introducing AzureR, a new suite of R packages for managing Azure resources in R.

The AzureRMR package provides an interface for Resource Manager.

Roundup of AI, Machine Learning and Data Science news from November 2018.

You can now use the AI capabilities of Microsoft Cognitive Services within a container you host.

A look back at some of the R applications presented at the EARL conference in Seattle.

Slides and notebooks from my ODSC workshop, AI for Good.

T-Mobile uses AI models implemented with R to streamline customer service.

A guide to R packages for importing and working with US Census data.

Azure Machine Learning Studio, the online drag-and-drop data analysis tool, upgrades its R support.

And some general interest stories (not necessarily related to R):

As always, thanks for the comments and please send any suggestions to me at davidsmi@microsoft.com. Don't forget you can follow the blog using an RSS reader, via email using blogtrottr, or by following me on Twitter (I'm @revodavid). You can find roundups of previous months here. 
