---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Quoting Concatenate
subtitle:      转载自：http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/RBloggers/~3/2OPEVVEYPV0/
date:      2018-12-16
author:      John Mount
tags:
    - wrapr
    - quoting
    - quotes
    - quoted
    - standard
---





In our last note we used `wrapr::qe()` to help quote expressions. In this note we will discuss quoting and code-capturing interfaces (interfaces that capture user source code) a bit more.




My position on code-capturing interfaces (or non-standard-evaluation/NSE) is: *if* poorly handled, they can be a large interface price/risk to pay for the minor convenience of eliding a few quotation marks.

Computation is meant to be over values. In fact one can think of computation as transforming code plus initial values to resulting values.

Our `wrapr` `R` package has the sensible design principle: NSE can be convenient, but we are going to isolate it to a few methods. Users then pass the objects that those methods create as *values* to other methods.

The primary place code capturing shows up in our `wrapr` `R` package is in the `qc()` and `qchar_frame()` methods.

`qc()` is “quoting concatenate” it is much like `c()`, but it quotes its arguments.

It lets you replace this:

with this:

We skipped the quotes, and the NSE stuff is safely isolated from the rest of the system.

A nice addition is: the latest version of `wrapr` incorporates `base::bquote()` based quasiquotation.

Quasiquotation was introduced into R by Thomas Lumley in 2003, and allows users to signal they want to turn off quotation for portions of their code. The user indicates they do not wish a portion of their code to be quoted (but instead want it evaluated for its value) by surrounding that portion with the function-notation “`.()`“.

An example of this is given here.

`base::bquote()` was a significant contribution to `R` that deserves a lot more attention, respect, credit, priority, and deference than it appears to have received recently. I would suggest package authors look into incorporating `base::bquote()` into own their work, before moving on to newer extension packages. We are not saying *here* “use the `wrapr` package” (though we do say that often, as it makes our own work much easier and very much want to share the `wrapr` package). We are saying: “give `base::bquote()` in your own packages.” The “`.()`“-notation is already standard to `R`, and a good standard notation for users to expect from `R` packages.

For our part, we have found incorporating `base::bquote()` into our own work to be easy and rewarding.


*Related*








---
