---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      The business case for federated learning
subtitle:      转载自：http://blog.fastforwardlabs.com/2018/12/28/the-business-case-for-federated-learning.html
date:      2018-12-28
author:      Mike
tags:
    - federated
    - data
    - models
    - huge
    - learning
---

Last month, we released Federated Learning, the latest report and prototype from
Cloudera Fast Forward Labs.

Federated learning makes it possible to build machine learning systems without
direct access to training data. The data remains in its original location,
which helps to ensure privacy and reduces communication costs.

![](http://fastforwardlabs.github.io/visuals/shared/ff09/ff09-combo.png)


### Federated learning in a nutshell

To train a machine learning model you usually need to move all the data to a
single machine or, failing that, to a cluster of machines in a data center.

This can be difficult for two reasons.

First, the creator of the data may simply not want to share it with you. Maybe
the data is baby photos, or competitively sensitive manufacturing data, or
legally protected medical data. We’ll give more examples below.

Second, there are often practical communication challenges. A huge amount of
valuable training data is created on hardware at the edges of slow and
unreliable networks, such as smartphones, IoT devices, or equipment in
far-flung industrial facilities, such as mines and oil rigs. Communication with
such devices can be slow and expensive.

The solution is federated learning. This is when a server coordinates a network
of nodes, each of which has training data that it cannot or will not share
directly. The nodes each train a local model, and it is that model which they
share with the server. The server merges the models into a single federated
model, sends the merged model back out to the nodes, and another round of local
training takes place. (For much more technical detail, see our article on the
Fast Forward Labs blog.)

Crucially: The server never has direct access to the training data. By moving
models rather than training data, federated learning helps to ensure privacy
and minimizes communication costs.

Let’s now look at some examples of what you can do with federated learning.

### Smartphones

Machine learning has huge potential to improve the user experience on
smartphones. Apps could learn to spot good baby photos and proactively offer to
share them with friends and family. They could make it easier to write emails
that are more likely to receive quick replies. And they could make composing
text messages even quicker and easier by accurately suggesting the next phrase,
whatever the language.

But aside from the practical challenge of getting this data off a device with a
slow connection, the personal aspect of some of this data (what people type,
where they travel, what websites they visit) makes it problematic. Users are
reluctant to share this sensitive data, and possessing it exposes technology
companies to security risks and regulatory burdens. These characteristics make
it a great fit for federated learning. The use case is so compelling that it
comes as no surprise that Google researchers are usually credited with its
invention, and Samsung engineers have also contributed significant ideas.

### Healthcare

The healthcare industry offers huge financial incentives to develop effective
treatments and predict outcomes. But the training data required to apply
machine learning to these problems is of course extremely sensitive. The
consequences of actual and potential privacy violations can be serious.
![](http://blog.fastforwardlabs.com/images/editor_uploads/2018-11-22-193133-ff09_05.png)


By keeping the training data in the hands of patients or providers, federated
learning has the potential to make it possible to collaboratively build models
that save lives and generate huge value. Paris-based Owkin is among the most
ambitious users of federated learning that we spoke to during our research.
They provide a platform that allows healthcare providers to collaborate on a
wide range of healthcare problems.

### Predictive maintenance

Suppose a manufacturer wants to develop a predictive maintenance model for a
piece of equipment they sell. This model needs training data—but testing lots
of turbines until they fail in order to acquire that data would be expensive
for the manufacturer. It would be less costly for the manufacturer if its
customers were to send it such data. More importantly, the failures actual
customers experience will be more representative of real-world use than those
the manufacturer would see in factory experiments. In short, training data
acquired from customers would be cheaper and better.

But there are several problems. Some of their customers are reluctant to share
details about equipment failures with vendors or competitors. Some operate in
countries such as China, where industrial facilities can be legally prevented
from exporting data. And, as a practical matter, the volume of data can be
enormous, which makes streaming it back to the manufacturer an engineering
challenge.

This too is a great fit for federated learning! If the manufacturer takes this
approach, they can train a better model with less expense. And customers get
access to a model that is better than one they could train on their own,
without compromising the security of their data.

![](http://fastforwardlabs.github.io/visuals/shared/ff09/ff09-turbofan-tycoon.jpg)


This situation is the focus of our interactive prototype, Turbofan Tycoon. In
that, you play a user of industrial equipment who can adopt various maintenance
strategies. Spoiler alert: the optimal strategy is federated learning, and the
ROI relative to the alternatives huge!

### Conclusion

In moving the majority of the work to the edge, federated learning is part of
the trend to move machine learning out of the data center, for reasons that
include speed and cost. But in federated learning, the edge nodes create and
improve the model (rather than merely applying it). In this sense, federated
learning goes far beyond what people usually mean when they talk about edge AI.

Federated learning makes it easier, safer and cheaper to apply machine learning
in the world’s most regulated, competitive, and profitable industries.

This article only scratches the surface. Our report goes into much more
detail, and covers use cases not mentioned here (including video analytics and
corporate IT). And of course we get into the technical details, including
systems and networking issues, libraries and frameworks, and practical
recommendations based on our experience building Turbofan Tycoon.
