---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      PyData Conference & AHL Hackathon
subtitle:      转载自：http://ianozsvald.com/2018/02/16/pydata-conference-ahl-hackathon/
date:      2018-02-16
img:      1
author:      Ian
tags:
    - science
    - data
    - core
    - annotation
    - annotate
---

Our 5th annual PyDataLondon conference will run this April 27-29th, this year we grow from 330 to 500 attendees. As before this remains a volunteer-run conference (with support from the lovely core NumFOCUS team), just as the monthly meetup is a volunteer-run event.

The Call for Proposals is open until the start of March (you have 2 weeks!) – first time speakers are keenly sought. Our mentorship programme is in full swing to help new speakers craft a good proposal, before it hits the (volunteer run) review committee. As usual we expect 2-3 submissions per speaking slot so the competition to speak at PyDataLondon will remain high. We also have a set of diversity grants to support those who might otherwise not attend the conference – don’t be afraid to apply to use a grant.

Tickets are on sale already, this year’s programme will go live towards the end of March. If you’d like a taste of what goes on at a PyDataLondon conference see my write-up from 2017and see the 2017 schedule.

The week before the conference our generous meetup hosts AHL are holding a Python Data Science Hackathon. You should definitely apply if you’re anywhere near London (I have!). They have budget to fly in some core developers – if your project hasn’t yet applied and you’re interested in being involved with a large open-source science hackathon, please do visit their site and apply. Here you have a chance to make a strong contribution to the open source tools that we all use.

Finally – if you’re interested in learning about the jobs that are going in the UK Python Data Science world, take a look at my data science jobs list. 7-10 jobs get emailed out every 2 weeks to over 900 people and people are successfully getting new jobs via this list.

---
