---
layout:     post
catalog: true
title:      Japanese Kids Shows, Movies, Games, and Videos for Immersion
subtitle:      转载自：http://www.jeremydjacksonphd.com/japanese-kids-shows-movies-games-and-videos-for-immersion/
date:      2017-07-14
img:      3
author:      jeremydjacksonphd
tags:
    - games
    - japanese
    - youtube
    - edition
    - worlds
---

I have been trying to learn Japanese lately and have been using a lot of Japanese kids shows, Movies, and Games for immersion.  Enjoy!

***Youtube Channels***

***Youtube Playlists***

Steam Japanese Search

Steam in Japanese

Reddit Videogame Thread

List of Japanese Pokemon Names

List of Pokemon Moves

***Good Steam games that can be switched to ***Japanese*** spoken dialog w/ ***Japanese*** subtitles***

1. **One Piece: Pirate Warriors 3** (YouTube Playlist)

1. **Skyrim: Special Edition**

1. **The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt**

1. **Rise of the Tomb Raider**

1. **Doom**

1. **Romance of the Three Kingdoms XIII / 三國志13**

1. Nier: Automata

1. **Code of Princess**

1. **Borderlands 2**

1. **Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel**

1. Fallout 4

1. Dishonored 2

1. Lego City Undercover

1. **Resident Evil 7**

1. **FINAL FANTASY X/X-2 HD Remaster**

1. Final Fantasy Type-0

1. Ultra Street Fighter 4

1. Street Fighter V

1. Grid 2

1. Grid Autosport

1. **Alan Wake**

1. **Resident Evil Revelations**

1. **Resident Evil Revelations 2**

1. **Yaiba: Ninja Gaiden Z**

1. Dynasty Warriors 8:Xtreme Legends Complete Edition/ 真・三國無双７ with 猛将伝

1. Sid Meier’s Civilization VI

1. METAL GEAR SOLID V: GROUND ZEROES

1. METAL GEAR SOLID V: THE PHANTOM PAIN

1. **Disgaea PC (YouTube Playlist)**

1. Disgaea 2 PC

1. I am Setsuna

1. Castle of Shikigami 式神の城

1. THE KING OF FIGHTERS XIV STEAM EDITION

1. Japanese School Life

1. Astro Boy: Edge of Time

1. **Learn Japanese To Survive! Hiragana Battle**

1. Learn Japanese To Survive! Katakana War


***Good Steam games: ***Japanese***spoken dialog w/ No ***Japanese*** subtitles***

1. Final Fantasy 13

1. Final Fantasy 13-2

1. Lego Worlds

1. Senko no Ronde 2 旋光の輪舞２


***Good Steam games: ***Japanese***text only, no ***Japanese*** audio***

1. Call of Duty: Black Ops 3

1. DARK SOULS: Prepare To Die Edition

1. Dark Souls 3

1. Resident Evil 5

1. Resident Evil / biohazard HD REMASTER

1. Resident Evil 0 / biohazard 0 HD REMASTER

1. Half Life 2

1. Portal

1. Portal 2

1. Romance of the Three Kingdoms 1,2,3 (No English, Only Japanese text)

1. Mafia 3

1. Saint’s Row 4

1. Sid Meier’s Civilization V

1. Flinthook

1. Mighty Gunvolt

1. Tekken 7

1. Mega Man Legacy Collection / ロックマン クラシックス コレクション

1. Devil May Cry 4 Special Edition

1. Sid Meier’s Civilization: Beyond Earth

1. Tetris Ultimate

1. Witch and Hero(魔女と勇者)

1. Duke Nukem 3D: 20th Anniversary World Tour

1. Dead Rising 1 & 2

1. Dead Rising 3 Apocalypse Edition

1. 軒轅劍外傳穹之扉(The Gate of Firmament)

1. Stardew Valley

1. ４人打ちアクション麻雀 / ACTION MAHJONG (No English)

1. Kyurinaga’s Revenge

1. Double Dragon IV

1. Demon Hunter 3: Revelation

1. Higurashi When They Cry


***Good Nintendo Console Games***

Switch – Region Free so North American and Japanese versions work

1. One Piece Pirate Warriors 3 (only Japanese) (youtube playlist) – Get the Game!

1. One Piece Unlimited World Red Deluxe Edition (youtube playlist) – Get the Game!

1. Xenoblade Chronicles 2 (youtube playlist) – Get the Game!

1. Hyrule Warriors DE or Zelda Musou Hyrule All Stars DX (youtube playlist) – Get the Game!

1. Snack World Trejarers Gold (only Japanese) (youtube playlist) – Get the Game!

1. PuyoPuyo Tetris (youtube playlist) – JP version – Get the Game!

1. I am Setsuna (youtube playlist) – Get the Game!

1. Lost Sphear (youtube playlist) – Get the Game!

1. Minna de WaiWai! Spelunker (youtube playlist) – Get the Game!

1. Disgaea 5 Complete (youtube playlist) – Get the Game!

1. Fire Emblem Warriors (youtube playlist) – Get the Game!

1. Seiken Densetsu Collection (only Japanese) – Get the Game!

1. Dragon Quest Heroes I & II (only Japanese) – Get the Game!

1. Nobunaga’s Ambition: Sphere of Influence (only Japanese) – Get the Game!

1. Monster Hunter XX (only Japanese) (youtube playlist) – Get the Game!

1. Fate/EXTELLA: The Umbral Star (youtube playlist) – Get the Game!

1. Zelda: Breath of the Wild?

1. Bomberman R?


1. Pokémon Sun – Get the Game!

1. Pokémon Moon – Get the game!

1. Pokémon Ultra Sun – Get the Game!

1. Pokémon Ultra Moon – Get the Game!

1. Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney Trilogy – No Japanese Voices only text


1. Deep Strange Journey (youtube playlist) – Get the Game!

1. Alliance Alive (youtube playlist) – Get the Game!

1. Radiant Historia: Perfect Chronology (youtube playlist) – Get the Game!

1. Pocket Monsters: Green Version VC (youtube playlist) – Get the Game!

1. Pocket Monsters: Silver Version VC (youtube playlist) – Get the Game!

1. Pocket Monsters: Crystal VC (youtube playlist) – Get the Game!

1. Yokai Watch Busters 2: Treasure Legend Banbaraya Sword (youtube playlist) – Get the Game!

1. Etrian Mystery Dungeon 2 (youtube playlist) – Get the Game!

1. Monster Hunter Stories (youtube playlist) – Get the Game!

1. マリオ&ルイージRPG1 DX (Mario & Luigi: Super Star Saga + Bowser’s Minions) (youtube playlist) – Get the Game!

1. Snack World Trejarers (youtube playlist) – Get the Game!

1. Koueki Zaidan Houjin Nippon Kanji Nouryoku Kentei Kyoukai KanKen Training 2 – Get the Game!

1. Puyo Puyo Tetris – Get the Game!


1. **My Japanese Coach DS** (youtube playlist) – Get the Game!

1. Castlevania: Portrait of Ruin (Japanese Voices/Options L+A)

1. Castlevania: Order of Ecclesia (Japanese Voices/Options)

1. **Puyo Pop Fever (youtube playlist) – Get the Game!**

1. Sonic Rush (English Voices & Text for NA DS, English Voices/Japanese Text for Japanese DS)

1. Sonic Rush Adventure (English Voices & Text for NA DS, English Voices/Japanese Text for Japanese DS)


1. Little Charo (Article) – Get the Game!

1. Kanji Dictionary: Kanji Sonomama Rakubiki Jiten – Get the Game!

1. Ninokuni: Shikkoku No Madoushi – Get the Game!

1. Pokemon DS games

1. Zelda DS games?

1. Any Japanese DS game with NTR product code (TWL product code doesn’t work on North American 3DS, it will work on NA DS)


1. Xenoblade Chronicles


***Ok ***Japanese*** shows with ***Japanese*** Subtitles that match the Dialogue***

1. Placeholder


***Japanese Video Game Consoles***

1. Japanese 3ds at Play Asia


***IPad/Android Games/Apps***

1. Anki

1. Mindsnacks Japanese ()

1. Duolingo (youtube playlist)

1. Fantasy Life Online?


Doulingo wikia

***Good ***Japanese*** kids shows with Japanese Subtitles that match the Japanese Dialogue***

1. Placeholder


***Good Japanese kids shows – Japanese Subtitles don’t match dialogue or no subtitles***

1. Placeholder


***Good Movies with ***Japanese*** Subtitles that match the ***Japanese*** Dialogue***

1. Placeholder


***Good Movies – ***Japanese*** Subtitles don’t match dialogue or no subtitles***

1. Placeholder



*Related*

