---
layout:     post
title:      Apple MacBook Pro Model A1286 Declared Vintage - The End Of An Era
subtitle:   转载自：http://randyzwitch.com/apple-macbook-pro-model-a1286-late-2008-vintage/
date:       2015-08-07
author:     未知
header-img: img/background0.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - apple
    - macbook
    - battery
    - life
    - compiling
---

It’s hard to believe it’s been over 2.5 years since I wrote about my experience with Apple trying to get my [Broken MacBook Pro Hinge](http://randyzwitch.com/broken-macbook-pro-hinge-fixed-free) fixed. Since that time, my Late 2008 MacBook Pro continued to work flawlessly, most of the time keeping up with the scientific programming I would do in R, Python or Julia.

Unfortunately, it seems near impossible (if not completely impossible) to get an OEM A1281 battery as a drop-in replacement. When I went to the Apple Store at Suburban Square, PA, the “Genius” that looked at my computer took 15-20 minutes to look on the Apple website (which I obviously did before arriving, so no value-add there), only to show me a battery in stock that didn’t fit my model of computer. Only after shaming him into looking up the actual part number, was he able to utter the phrase:

> 
Oh, no, we don’t have those any more. Your model MacBook Pro was declared “Vintage”. No more original parts are available from Apple.


*Of course* it is. After getting home, I was able to find this [service bulletin](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201624) from Apple, which outlines which models are obsolete. Apparently, it’s a hard and fast rule that once five years from the end of manufacturing arrives, a model is declared vintage (unless local laws require longer service). So even though the only “problem” with my MacBook Pro is that I was only getting one hour of battery life per charge (or less if I’m compiling code), the computer is destined for a new life somewhere else.

### “Vintage” For Me, Powerful For Thee

While I realize I could go the 3rd-party route and get a replacement battery, at some point, you can only spend so much money keeping older technology alive. Since I use computers pretty intensively, I ended up getting a “new” (used) 2011 MacBook Pro from a neighborhood listing that has decent life on the OEM battery. Surprisingly, I was able to get $360 for my Late-2008 MacBook Pro, being fully honest about the condition, issues and battery life. The older woman who I sold it to fully understood, but worked at a desk and didn’t care about the battery! She also said:

> 
This is easily the most powerful computer I’ve ever owned.


Apple, like I said in my original post, you’ve got a customer for life. And while I’ve moved on to a newer machine, it’s beyond amazing to me that a 7-year old computer will continue to live on and work at a high level of performance. And with my 2011 MacBook Pro, I still have the option to upgrade the parts (though I don’t need to…SSD, 16GB of RAM and a quad-core i7 processor already!)

The Retina MacBook’s are nice, but very incremental. Here’s hoping the 2011 MacBook Pro lasts as long as my Late 2008 MacBook Pro did!
