---
layout:     post
title:      Rethinking the visualization of weighted directed networks
subtitle:   转载自：https://datascopeanalytics.com/blog/rethinking-the-visualization-of-weighted-directed-networks/
date:       2011-11-04
author:     Suet Yi Lee
header-img: img/background3.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - networks
    - programs
    - directed
    - directionality
    - directions
---


Hello! My name is Suet. I’m a senior at Northwestern
University, and most recently Datascope employee #3. This summer I worked
on a project to design a visualization tool for Northwestern
University’s Graduate School. You can read
more about the project in detail here — the basic idea is
that the Graduate School wanted to provide a means for prospective
students to explore what their curriculum would be like at
Northwestern and to illustrate the interdisciplinary nature of
graduate study at Northwestern.



Network diagrams are a great way to show interdepartmental
connections, something that Datascope has done for several organizations
at Northwestern,
namely [McCormick](http://collaboration.mccormick.northwestern.edu/), [ISEN](http://isen.northwestern.edu/isencollaboration)
and the Segal Design
Institute. After some brief discussions with the folks at
Northwestern, we quickly realized that the Graduate School project
required us to go back to the drawing board (or the whiteboard, here
at Datascope) to address some unique challenges associated with the
project that were not present in the
others:



It is a directed network. For every pair of nodes, say A and B,
there can be a link going from A to B and another going from B
to A. The Graduate School wanted to know if an academic program,
like History, was both (a) encouraging its students to take
courses outside of History, and (b) welcoming students from
other programs to take its History courses. Simply put, is there
reciprocity? When there’s traffic in, is there also
traffic out?


It is a weighted network. Not only was the directionality of
flow important, so was the proportion. What if 100 students in
History took classes in English, but only 1 English student took
a class in History? This isn’t exactly the ideal kind of
reciprocity we were hoping for, and directed links alone
wouldn’t have sufficed in telling us that. We wanted to
somehow incorporate the proportion/strength/magnitude of these
links too.


Self-links had to be represented. In this context, a self-link
is when students take classes in their own home programs, which
is common, if not the norm, for any PhD curriculum. Again, we
were interested in comparing the proportion of self-links to
links that were coming in or going out of the program to
understand if the program was truly collaborative.


The network develops and changes over time. In fact, this was
one of the main aims of the visualization — to show that
collaboration among the academic programs has increased over the
years since the introduction of the clusters initiative. We
would compare ‘snapshots’ of each network at a
particular time.



It was important that all these characteristics were properly
represented in the diagram. Put together, we wanted a directed,
weighted, and time-specific network that also displayed
self-links. Whoa! This is a lot of information. One of the
important lessons we learned
through [the](http://moritz.stefaner.eu/projects/map%20your%20moves) [many](http://www.eigenfactor.org/map) [visualizations](http://well-formed.eigenfactor.org/map.html#/?id=1133) [we’ve](http://flowingdata.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/04/fig-13-large.png) [come](http://blog.linkedin.com/2011/01/24/linkedin-inmaps) [across](http://nlp.stanford.edu/projects/dissertations/browser.html)
— both good and bad — is that while a
visualization should aim to be informational, more information
isn’t always better. In fact, “more” is often
confusing. To avoid this trap, we designed the
visualizations to be as simple as possible without dumbing down the
message.



Force-directed
network layouts are good for seeing macroscopic
“clumps” of connectivity, but they tend to become too
overwhelming as more details are added. Rather than showing all of
the link weights and orientations, we instead took a minimalistic
approach to only emphasize the clumpiness. We simplified the
weighted and directed nature of the network into an unweighted and
undirected representation and, only after clicking on a particular
program, are the link weights and directions revealed. This is
advantageous as it allows a user to explore the network in detail
with all of the irrelevant stuff stripped away and only revealing
the details on demand.



What about self-links? A rather coarse way of doing it would have
been to draw an arc from a node back to itself, but that would have
been… eurgh. During our brainstorming process we came across
some neat flow diagrams, whose formal name is
the Sankey
diagram. (See
examples [here](http://www.estadao.com.br/especiais/2010/06/copa_jogadores.shtm)
and [here](http://www.niceone.org/lab/refugees)) We
thought that this could be an elegant solution to the problem. A
self-link was simply a flow from a program on the left to the same
program on the right. The concept of flows was intuitive and easy to
comprehend visually. The bars which represented programs were sized
according to the sizes of the program, allowing for easy comparison
of the proportions of flows.



These two network views can stand alone as separate visualizations,
but having them side by side allows one to understand the strengths
and weaknesses of each, and when one may be more powerful than the
other in certain circumstances. Personally, I had a ton of fun
learning and working on this project - for anyone who has had the
time to explore the site, I hope that it has been fun and useful for
you as
well!



As always, we welcome your comments and suggestions so that we may
improve our approach to visualizing weighted directed networks in
the future. Do you prefer the force-directed layout or the Sankey
diagram? What do you think about the interactivity? All comments
are welcome and encouraged!

